lancelot du lac ( lancelot du lac ) ( france , 1974 ) a film review by james kendrick director : robert bresson screenwriter : robert bresson ( based on the epic poem by chretien de troyes ) stars : luc simon ( lancelot ) , laura duke condominas ( queen guinevere ) , vladimir antolek-oresek ( king arthur ) , humbert balsan ( gawain ) , patrick bernhard ( modred ) , arthur de montalembert ( lionel ) mpaa rating : not rate review : ench director robert bresson's " lancelot of the lake " achieves the exact opposite effect of sir thomas malory's " morte darthur . " instead of enshrining the legend of king arthur and his knights of the round table , it dethrones them by revealing arthur as a weak , ineffectual leader and the knights as a group of jealous , bickering men who failed to live up to the legends prescribed to them . chivalry has no place in " lancelot of the lake , " except as that of a dying ideal . bresson begins his tale as the knights of the round table are returning , decimated , after failing merlin's command to retrieve the holy grail , the mystical cup that was filled with christ's blood . bresson immediately gives us his impression of the essential meaning of the grail quest : bloodshed and failure . the opening sequence is a series of clumsy , disjointed fights amongst anonymous knights -- a head is hacked off , a stomach is impaled , a skull is split open , skeletal remains hang from trees , and burning bodies smolder in the ruins of a flaming house . since the film starts with camelot in near-ruin , and takes only an hour and a half to arrive at its inevitable conclusion , it doesn't carry the grand , tragic resonance of other arthurian films . we never get to see camelot at the peak of its power , therefore there is no real downfall to witness . but , then again , it is not the name of camelot that is evoked in the title of the film . rather , it is lancelot , and bresson is more interested in the internal battle within his heart , than the external downfall of a kingdom . lancelot has always been a tragic figure in the arthurian tales , and bresson uses him as the central figure to explore the battle between the spirit and the flesh . the greatest of all knights , he was flawed only in his love for arthur's wife , queen guinevere , and it was that illicit affair that eventually caused the downfall of camelot . even when lancelot attempts to end the affair with guinevere ( laura duke condominas ) , he only finds himself falling back into her arms against his better judgment . he knows it means the destruction of the idealized kingdom , but he is powerless in his passion . when sir mordred ( patrick bernhard ) accuses lancelot of the affair , other knights , including sir gawain ( humbert balsan ) spring to lancelot's defense . it is this battle within the knights that is the eventual undoing of the round table ; the flesh wins out over the spirit , and the consequences are dire . bresson is an intensely personal filmmaker most interested in the interiors of men's hearts and minds . " lancelot of the lake " is filled with his particular trademarks : a stripped-down , minimalist style , flat , expressionless dialogue , and a grand use of natural sounds in place of music . he uses background music only twice in the film , during an opening narration segment and during the opening credits . the music here is a heavy drumbeat and accompanying bagpipes , but the rest of the film is scored with natural sounds that punctuate the film's thematic elements : the incessant clanking and creaking of heavy armor , the neighing of horses , the rhythm of hooves beating down dirt roads , and the natural chirping and whispering of the forest . like most of his other films , bresson employed nonprofessional actors who recite the dialogue in emotionless , flat voices . all the actors he used in " lancelot of the lake " had never acted before , and with the exception of patrick bernhard , they never acted again . never once do they raise their voices or put any emphasis on a given word . instead of using vocal inflection , bresson strove to create emotion through images . in some ways , this technique works ; in other ways , it doesn't . the final montage of arthur's men battling each other is quite marvelous , and the final image of the knights in shining armor reduced to a literal scrap-pile sums up the entire film in one moment . however , other times bresson's uncompromising methods are distracting and questionable . for instance , during an important jousting contest , bresson films the majority of the action so that the only things visible are the horses' legs . he does this repeatedly , opening each shot with the same few notes from a bagpipe and the raising of a different flag . while there might be symbolic value in this , the resulting experience of watching it can be bothersome . nevertheless , " lancelot of the lake " is a fascinating cinematic experience boldly made by a master filmmaker . bresson's style may not be for everyone , but one has to respect his strength as an artist . by re-evaluating the arthurian legends and making them his own , he turns " lancelot of the lake " into something rare in modern cinema : a truly personal film . 
in _daylight_ , sylvester stallone breaks no new ground , cinematically speaking , but he covers familiar territory quite well . yesterday , as i was going about my business in the university bookstore , i noticed this stand with these _daylight_ movie posters on it . i had never heard of the movie , so i stopped by to check it out . it turned out that they were giving away free passes to the movie for people who had or applied for the credit card they were offering . so , i shrugged , thought , " hey , they probably won't give me the card anyway , and i could always use a free movie , " so i signed up . all in all , i don't think i got that bad of a deal , either . rob cohen , who has previously brought us such films as _dragon : the bruce lee story_ and , more recently , _dragonheart_ ( gee , i wonder if he likes dragons for some reason ? you think ? ) , now brings us a very nicely executed disaster picture , with fx by industrial light and magic , about the after-effects of an explosion that collapses a busy tunnel between new york and new jersey . sylvester stallone plays kit latura , who is essentially a carbon copy of the character he played in _cliffhanger_ : a paramedic on the outs because he made a mistake that got people killed . when the crisis hits , he is in the right place at the right time and takes it upon himself to go in and get everybody out . there are other similarities to _cliffhanger_ , too ; perhaps the only real difference is that _cliffhanger_ had a villain , where _daylight_'s bad guy is mother nature . in fact , had the two movies been made in hong kong , this might have been titled _cliffhanger ii_--it bears the same relationship to that film that most hk film " sequels " do to their predecessors . the first half-hour of _daylight_ is setup . subplots are woven , and the mechanism of the disaster is assembled . we meet all the important people . . . toxic waste disposal truck drivers ; a young , frustrated , jilted , rejected playwright ; a family struggling to stay together ; an older couple and their dog ; a truckload of prisoners ; an ad agency executive ; a tunnel police officer ; stallone ; and others . we watch the trucks trundle toward their destination ; we watch stallone and so many others driving toward the tunnel for their various reasons . and then , thirty minutes into the film , _boom_ . and it's a big one . from there on in , it's sly stallone to the rescue . and rescue he does , enduring batterings , beatings , falls , repeated immersion in 34-degree water , explosions , mud , rats , and constant setbacks , before going on to save the day , sly-style . again . . . there's nothing new here . and yet there doesn't need to be . the fun of _daylight_ is not in the story but in the execution . the special-effects are first-rate , thanks to industrial light and magic , and the ensemble cast works well together . once the film hits its stride , it carries the viewer right along to the finish , with very few jars along the way . this review is copyright 1996 by christopher e . meadows . permission granted for distribution through rec . arts . movies . reviews and all associated archival . permission granted for free redistribution via cyberspace as long as this message remains attached . all other rights reserved to the author . -- chris meadows aka | author , team m . e . c . h . a . , crapshoot & co . robotech@jurai . net | with a world wide web homepage located at robotech@eyrie . org | http : //www . jurai . net/~robotech/index . html 
director :   jonathan frakes cast :   patrick stewart , jonathan frakes , brent spiner , levar burton , michael dorn , gates mcfadden , marina sirtis , f . murray abraham screenplay :   rick berman , michael piller producers :   rick berman runtime :    us distribution : paramount rated pg :   action violence , mild language copyright 1998 nathaniel r . atchesonone can not observe a star trek movie and expect to see serious science fiction . the purpose of star trek is to provide flashy , innocent fun . sometimes the stories are compelling . sometimes they're not . but , with the exception of the first film in the series ( which provides little more than endless shots of amazed faces ) , i've never been bored by any of the enterprise's numerous missions . star trek : insurrection is no exception . the film has gotten some negative reviews ( a friend of mine actually thinks it's the worst in the series ) , but i'm not really sure why . it's an exciting , often hilarious movie that engaged me and left me ready for the next star trek film . some say it's a bit too light , and more of a long episode than a film . others say the special effects are cheesy and that it's boring . i simply enjoyed the film . insurrection , which is the second film to feature strictly the next generation cast , introduces us to a race of people called the ba'ku ; the ba'ku are very old ( most of them are about three hundred years old ) , but they actually appear younger with age due to strange radiation in the rings of their planet . of course , these peaceful people can't horde this fountain of youth all for themselves – leave it up to their archenemies , the son'a , led by ru'afo ( f . murray abraham ) , to mess everything up . the son'a , who are horribly disfigured and rely on daily reconstructive surgery to be aesthetically acceptable , strike a deal with the federation to move the ba'ku elsewhere and exploit the secret to keep their race from dying . that's when captain picard ( patrick stewart ) steps in : he realizes that moving the ba'ku would kill them ( it also helps that he falls in love with a ba'ku woman ( donna murphy ) ) . so , with his trusty crew , picard defies the federation to keep the ba'ku in their natural habitat . when dealing with a series with as much history as this , it's not entirely necessary to re-introduce your characters with each episode . this is why i believe non-fans have a hard time getting into star trek ; in order to enjoy it , one has to understand how to approach it . insurrection , however , does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters . stewart is bold as always , a magnetic screen presence and perfectly capable of holding an entire film together . jonathan frakes , who also directed , is funny as commander riker ; a subplot with data ( brent spiner ) discovering his lost childhood is fairly interesting ; and abraham makes a perfect star trek villain , overacting like crazy . frakes showed similar aptitude for direction in first contact ; insurrection is an exciting film , with some really attractive special effects and a lot of good action . this is apparently the first star trek film to utilize computer animation , and the result is very pleasing to the eye : particularly in the climactic scenes , in which the son'a employ a giant space ship to suck up the rings of the ba'ku planet , the special effects have a clean , impressively sharp look . if i have any complaint about the film , it's that it tries to take a moral stance when it's not very appropriate to do so . i don't think it's that big of a deal that the federation wanted to move 600 ba'ku in order to save the lives of thousands . better yet , why couldn't they have co-existed ? insurrection feels a little to light to spring these kinds of big moral questions on the audience . with it's inherent camp factor , the star trek series doesn't seem well-equipped to deal with issues like this . i prefer to just enjoy the spectacle . 
starring the voices of : kevin conroy ( bruce wayne/batman ) , michael ansara ( mr . freeze ) , loren lester ( dick grayson/robin ) , mary kay bergman [well , i'm . . . fairly sure it was her] ( barbara gordon/batgirl ) , george dzunda ( dr . robert belson ) , efrem zimbalist jr . ( alfred pennyworth ) , bob hastings ( commissioner gordon ) not rated ( but it's probably a pg , just like the last animated batman film was ) that having been said , let it be known that possibly the greatest interpretation of batman to hit tv or movie screens is the animated bat that first appeared in the fall of 1992 on fox . it quickly became a prime time series before hitting the big time - an animated theatrical release film . that was batman : mask of the phantasm ( 1993 ) . clearly , it was and still is the best batman film to yet hit theaters . the plot was intelligent , the action loud and exciting , the voice-acting perfect , and the score beautiful . as of this year , on tv , batman has moved his animated adventures to the wb network . characters have grown , and , most noticably , design styles for many of the characters have changed - mostly for the worse . as a result , for both those who watch the series , and those casual bat-fans who have only seen the first animated film , this second animated feature ( which has gone straight to video ) , batman & mr . freeze : subzero , is like reuniting with an old friend . the film tells a story that takes place before the current season of the show and after the final season on fox , so the character designs the like are all in line with those of the earlier part of the series . only better animated than usually seen on the show . this is a level of animation slightly under that seen in batman : mask of the phantasm but still slightly higher than that seen on the tv series . one thing this movie does have other mask of the phantasm is more use of computer animation . there's a cg submarine , batwing , and highway scene for your viewing pleasure , and all of them look very nice . of course , animation comes secondary to plot . plot , action , dialogue , and of course , acting are what drive a film . well , on the old batman scale , subzero is not quite as good as phantasm was , and maybe not even as good as the first two tim burton live-action films , though that could be debated . it's certainly much better than the last two joel schumacher films - and it's truer to the characters than any of the live action films to date . the plot goes that mr . freeze's wife , nora fries , still in cryo-sleep , has her stasis tube broken open in an accident . now freeze knows that the only thing that can save her is an organ transplant . he enlists the help of dr . belson , and , when no deceased donors of nora's rare blood type are found , freeze decides that he will use a live donor - which of course , will kill said donor . there's 18 live donors of nora's blood type in gotham . and one of them is barbara gordon . luckily , barbara only appears in batgirl garb for about one minute near the beginning of the movie , and stays out of costume for the rest while batman and robin try to save her - and she tries to save herself . the whole thing is better animated than most of the non-disney stuff you see ( well , those big-time other-studio releases like anastasia [1997] not withstanding , i guess ) and has that same simple-yet-beautiful character design of the max fleischer superman cartoons from the days of yore . all the characters are well-done . of course batman is cool , but wow , so are robin and barbara . now that's a feat . belson is interesting , and mr . freeze is cold and emotionless , as he should be , thanks to ansara ( i promise he's not at all jokey , like schwarzenegger ) , and overall , i assure you , this is a much better experience than that schumacher piece of crap batman & robin ( 1997 ) that had many of the same characters . in all , though it runs a too-short 67 minutes , and yes , it has appearances by batgirl and robin ( come on , you * know * that robin isn't always a bad character ) , this is still definitely worth a rent . . . and if you're a big batfan . . . it's worth a purchase . watch it , then rewind , and enjoy it again . hey wb . . . you want a good batman film to add to your live-action franchise ? why not put paul dini and bruce timm in charge ? ! 
release date : september 18 , 1998 starring : jackie chan , chris tucker , tom wilkinson , elizabeth pena , tzi ma , julia hsu directed by : brett ratner distributed by : new line cinema mpaa rating : pg-13 ( sequences of action/violence and shootings , language ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1998/rushhour . htm it's no secret in the motion picture industry that the relationship between a script and the actors involved often makes or breaks a movie at the box office . a poorly-written script can be bested by a superb acting corps , and a well-written piece can be mangled by a group of amateurs . in directing his latest action-comedy , director brett ratner ( money talks ) takes a relatively mediocre piece of standup comedy and turns it into a funny as all get-out buddy cop movie . in addition , rush hour serves as a first-class example of directing a movie with conservative attitude - a feature that is sure to draw in crowds of all types . the two lead names share equal screen time here , mostly because they spend it together . jackie chan , in his first completely american production , makes an impressive debut by mixing dialogue with martial arts . the other martial arts flick from a few weeks ago , knock off , stands no chance against the content of this one . chan manages to make every fight scene exude grace and poise , and there's no doubt that a large percentage of video sales for this movie will come from viewers who couldn't believe their eyes the first time . chris tucker , on the opposite side , relates a hilarious comedic approach which smoothes out the rough edges to chan's performance . he works perfectly with the script , and it's quite likely he lent scribe jim kouf a hand with some of his lines . almost essential to the action genre , the plot is nonexistent . we're quickly introduced to detective james carter ( tucker ) is a maverick officer for the lapd . cut forward to another scene where the daughter ( julia hsu ) of the american chinese consul ( tzi ma ) is kidnapped by a gang of swarthy characters . the fbi is quick to the rescue , but the consul insists that one of his men , detective inspector lee ( chan ) , be brought on the case to help . the fbi resists , but then requests that lapd send a man over to babysit the chinese detective . it's here that carter and lee hook up , and the two unwittingly solve the case while the fbi rushes in to back them up . rattner does a fine job of going the extra mile to get his movie to move a step up , but it doesn't quite reach the top tier of action-comedies like last year's grosse pointe blank . there are moments where the plot strays too far off the straight line it sticks almost exclusively to , and if not for the comedic interactions between tucker and chan , this might be a major drawback . also , some supporting characters are almost entirely along for the ride , and others are there simply to look menacing . however , none gives a standoffish performance and they mostly mesh into the background . almost every member of the cast displays some reservation at one point or another - whether it's tucker's toned-down routine or chan's tight rein on his action sequences - and that contributes greatly to this being a watchable movie for all types . a recommendable visit to the theater , indeed . 
i rented this movie with very high hopes . this movie got praise as one of the best films of 1998 , and unfortunately , was not as good as i hoped , but was still very intriguing and thought provoking . first of all , the casting for this film is great . tobey maguire and reese witherspoon are the future of hollywood . they play their roles as the parker brother and sister perfectly . with a plot as unbelievable as this film , you need chemistry and honest acting from your cast . tobey and reese ( bud and mary sue parker ) play their roles perfectly and display their characters with honesty and believability . william h . macy , an actor i have grown to love over the past year , turns in another great performance as the tv dad who is torn over his wife , a " colored " person and his friends , the " non-colored " ones . he also displays believability and must display a certain lack of chemistry with his wife . he does this perfectly and yet again shows why he should be one of the top actors in hollywood . joan allen is equally great as betty parker , the ideal tv mom . her character is the most ambitious . she is very naïve , and must display this well to make her character believable and she does just that . her lack of chemistry with macy , which the role calls for , and her developed chemistry with jeff daniels is terrific , and if daniels would have been as stellar as the rest of the cast , then this film would even been even better . as said before , jeff daniels gives a bad performance . his character displays the change going on throughout the town , yet he does not display it with enough conviction . his character is very confusing and he is not very believable . this film could have been elevated to a whole new level had daniels been able to give a better performance . the movie is very provocative . it challenges the issues of racism that existed in the past and that still exist today . i really was not expecting all of the elements they brought up , but they pulled them off with such flair that it was mind blowing . they demonstrate the racism issue without a hitch , but do it in a slow pace . the only major flaw in the film besides the performance by daniels is length . some films are not meant to be that long . pleasantville is one of those films . this film could have been so much better had they not moved so slowly to it . first , they are amazed by the implementation of color . then they want to have it . then they do not want to . then the war ensues between the colored and non-colored . this is all strung out over two hours , which was way too long . some movies need a lot of time . saving private ryan was a little bit under three hours long and i thought it could have used more time . this film is only two hours long , and seems much longer . length is everything in films . if you can nail down the perfect timing and pace , you can win half the battle . pleasantville can move at a good pace at times , but it is not consistent enough . overall , pleasantville is a very pleasant and provocative departure from the predictability of most films these days . i went in expecting a light-hearted film about change . i left learning an important lesson about racism and the way things change . luckily , pleasantville teaches this lesson in such a way to make it appeal to all audiences . only if it could have done in a shorter amount of time . 
release date : december 18 , 1998 the voices of : val kilmer , ralph fiennes , sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , michelle pfeiffer , patrick stewart , steve martin , martin short , helen mirren directed by : brenda chapman , steve hickner , simon wells distributed by : dreamworks pictures mpaa rating : pg ( intense depiction of thematic elements ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1998/prince . htm near the end of 1996 , analysts remarked that the year would be the last in which disney would stand alone as the animation king . the following year , 1997 , saw the first sleeper entry into the genre from a studio other than the magic kingdom : twentieth century fox gave baronial russia to the masses in the form of anastasia . at best , that's all it was -- a sleeper hit , designed to surprise but not shake the industry . in 1998 , however , things have been decidedly different . there have been a number of pushes on disney's death grip on the market , and fifty-one weeks into '98 , a new champion has emerged . dreamworks' the prince of egypt succeeds where all of the other conventionally animated products have failed . the other two contenders , warner brothers' quest for camelot and disney's own annual entry , mulan , lacked inspiration and drive respectively . although camelot was borderline-abysmal , and can't really be considered a shot at the title , mulan had the makings of winner . unfortunately , it was saturated with traditional , disney-cute animation , and lost points against the rapidly-changing face of the competition . in making the prince of egypt , dreamworks has strayed from all of these hallmarks and created a genuinely unique product . the animation is flawless , and , aside from a bug's life , is the best-looking movie to date . the animators have nimbly mixed both flat and spatial effects , and the 2d/3d combination is something that artists from disney and fox have heretofore struggled with . the key to success , however , was that the visuals were used not just because they looked cool but also as a method of advancing the plot . namely , some of the most important action sequences ( like the parting of the red sea ) were done almost entirely in 3d . dreamworks is the first studio to prove that they've got the stuff of success , and that they're capable of challenging disney . the story is also well-written , and the characters voiced with talent . for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense . the writers took a few creative liberties , and most do not damage the story in any way . in fact , the shakespearean relationship between moses ( val kilmer ) and the pharaoh rameses ( ralph fiennes ) makes the story more interesting if anything . moses , a hebrew , is saved from the slaughter of the firstborn sons by his mother when she sets him in a basket on the nile ; he floats into the pharaoh seti ( patrick stewart ) 's palace and is taken in by the royal family . moses grows up but learns of his heritage and flees into the desert , where he discovers the burning bush and is commissioned by god to return to egypt and free the slaves . by this time , rameses is now pharaoh , and the two brothers , now on opposite sides of the line , face off in a battle of wills and divine intervention . the cast of voices is most impressive , and also includes such noteables as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , and steve martin . the script does not have a lot of one-liners in it , and god is reduced to a voice that might well be mistaken for the same one that spoke to kevin costner in field of dreams , but overall the story is exciting and interesting . it's decidedly for an older crowd , and the tykes who haven't had a few years of religion class will be hopelessly lost . but for those who make the bid , the prince of egypt can be a great watch . 
in this lighthearted , unpretentious comedy , daniel auteuil sheds the intensity of his previous roles -- in les voleurs , ma saison préférée , manon of the spring , to name just a few -- and plays a shy , crooked-nosed accountant too boring to be tolerated by just about anyone . his françois pignon -- an appropriate name for somebody who is about to be fired , literally , for being a bore -- is a harmless placeholder who has no ambitions and no misconceptions about who he is . pignon's wife couldn't stand him and left two years ago , yet he still phones regularly to her and their indifferent teenage son . after learning that he is soon to be fired , pignon , distraught , returns home and meets that " perfect stranger " we all want to meet someday : the one who steps into our life and brings magic into it . from that moment on , the neighbor , belone ( michel aumont ) , navigates pignon's life like a chess game . belone easily persuades françois to concoct a story about his homosexuality so his boss will fear a discrimination lawsuit , superimposes photographic images and -- voila -- produces a shot of pignon in a leather-clad embrace with another man in bun-exposed pants . the photo gets sent to pignon's employer , and the events start spinning like a windmill in stormy weather , eventually changing pignon's life forever . oddly , for the rest of the story , the closet flirts with being politically correct and is as predictable as it only can be . what gives the film a tint of pleasure and saves it from being totally grotesque and improbable is that the movie never aspires to be anything more than what it is . director francis veber ( the dinner game ) finds a delightful irony in the fact that pignon has to lie that he doesn't like women in order to prove he is a man . we , of course , will learn that there is so much more to pignon than he and his colleagues could ever imagine . while watching the film , i caught myself feeling surprised that such a banal movie could actually be off-the-cuff and entertaining . the most distasteful thought in the closet is how little people really care about political correctness but how diligent they are in pretending the opposite . office politics always reveal people at their most vile : there is something unquestionably disturbing and familiar in watching petty little personalities trapped in their small trivial lives as they entertain themselves with self-made gossip and lies . besides auteuil , the acting , for the most part , is adequate . gérard depardieu , for example , starts off great as a gauche , self-righteous macho rugby couch , a racist , and a homophobe . however , as pignon gets his job back , depardieu's colleagues make him fearful for his own job for calling pignon a " fruit . " the situation becomes repetitiously improbable and depardieu is annoying and unconvincing as we learn that he might actually be the one " coming out of the closet . " michèle laroque is especially good as mademoiselle bertrand , pignon's boss , who not only discovers a real pignon and subsequently seduces him , but also demonstrates to us how smart women master the most impossible situations . though maybe not quite so impossible as this film . 
capsule : another great piece of nonsense from the masters of enjoyably bad moviemaking . troma are the best bad filmmakers in the world . they're totally aware of their purpose in life , and they embrace it with a vehemence and a glee that other schlock-makers can't even come near . actually , most troma films are not nearly as bad ( unwatchable , stupidly conceived , boring ) as many high-ticket hollywood movies , and that's the secret of their charm . they're always entertaining , if ridiculous . i saw sgt . kabukiman in a week where i'd suffered through an unbelievable amount of forgettable and uncompelling big-ticket junk movies -- some of them bad but most of them just plain dull . kabukiman was by far the best of the bunch -- a funny , sustained , surprisingly witty movie with a ton of good lines . the plot is typically troma-weird : an nypd detective , name of harry griswold , gets involved in a massacre during a kabuki performance and gets the power of one of the dying players transferred to him . now he can transform himself into kabukiman , with a wild hairdo and outfit , and who can sling sushi and chopsticks to stop foes in their tracks . really . all of this is , of course , utterly idiotic , and done with grubby low-budget production qualities that make the movie all the more fun . it's also well-sustained . the movie doesn't simply pick one schtick and slog through it , but has fun coming up with bizarre tangents to the story ( like when griswold tries to transform into kabukiman and . . . uh . . . comes up with something else ) , and plays out its elements well . the movie finds a tone and sticks with it , which is not easy to do : most of the other movies i saw that week were hopelessly confused as to whether they were taking themselves seriously or not . kabukiman knows , and wallows happily in it . better to be an honest schlock movie than a confused or dishonest serious movie , any day of the syegul@ix . netcom . com " week . syegul@ix . netcom . com efnet irc : ginrei [new email address coming soon] icq : 934998 http : //www . io . com/~syegul another worldly device . . . new web site : http : //cablehouse . dyn . ml . org . . . and the mandate of heaven you can crush me as i speak/write on rocks what you feel/now feel this truth 
steven spielberg's second epic film on world war ii is an unquestioned masterpiece of film . spielberg , ever the student on film , has managed to resurrect the war genre by producing one of its grittiest , and most powerful entries . he also managed to cast this era's greatest answer to jimmy stewart , tom hanks , who delivers a performance that is nothing short of an astonishing miracle . for about 160 out of its 170 minutes , " saving private ryan " is flawless . literally . the plot is simple enough . after the epic d-day invasion ( whose sequences are nothing short of spectacular ) , capt . john miller ( hanks ) and his team are forced to search for a pvt . james ryan ( damon ) , whose brothers have all died in battle . once they find him , they are to bring him back for immediate discharge so that he can go home . accompanying miller are his crew , played with astonishing perfection by a group of character actors that are simply sensational . barry pepper , adam goldberg , vin diesel , giovanni ribisi , davies , and burns are the team sent to find one man , and bring him home . the battle sequences that bookend the film are extraordinary . literally . there is nothing in film that has ever been recorded that will prepare you for the sheer onslaught of terrorizing violence in the film's first 20 minutes . spielberg films almost the entire movie without music , leaving it up to the characters to generate emotion , and they do to perfection . the sequences in france , all of them , beginning with the battle and ending with the battle , are fabulous , especially the dialogues between the men as they walk through the hills and countrysides , trying to save private ryan . there are no words i can use to describe the true horror and power of these sequences . this is what coppola was looking for in " apocalypse now " , but couldn't create . the sheer horror of these sequences all but condemn war . the performance by hanks as the leader of this gang is also extraordinary . he is head and shoulders above of the rest of the actors in the world , with his comic timing , dramatic flair , his quiet emotion that stirs an entire nation to tears . hanks is this country's finest actor , and he proves it here . however , spielberg almost destroys his own masterpiece . with a chance to make it the one of the greatest films of all time , spielberg creates 10 minutes of purely worthless film . the sequence involving army chief-of-stafff george marshall and mrs . ryan is decent , but doesn't hold up to the rest of the film , relying on wartime cliches to power it . but that is forgivable . what isn't is the bookends of the film , the cemetary sequences . the first one is quite good , a decent introduction into the lives of these men . the last sequence is atrocious . the forced emotion , accompanied by a ridiculous piece of music , is simply horrible compared to the rest of the magical film . these flaws are what downgrade " ryan " from the greatest film of our era , to the greatest war film of our era . spielberg should have trusted his own material , and he should have trusted hanks to deliver the most chilling line of the movie , to end his masterpiece right there . the use of the flag , though patriotic , is in contrast to the movie's theme . the power of the bulk of the film , however , is astonishing . spielberg has truly made a wondrous work of art , that persists even after first viewing of the film , is extraordinary . this is the film of the year . 
i was pleasantly surprised by this film . with a budget topping $200 million , i was quite skeptical about whether throwing all that money toward one of the twentieth century's greatest tragedies would make a film exciting enough to see . how much could you dress up the sets ? how many models and computer effects could you use ? how much more action could you pack into a ship that sinks ? oh , if i've just given away part of the plot for you , go back to school . after having viewed titanic , however , i found it to be a well-paced , well-designed , and overall well-made movie . there have been many films made about the maiden and final voyage of the ocean liner titanic , but this latest offering from director james cameron is the best i've seen . titanic tells its story in two time periods . it starts out in the present , when ocean explorer brock lovett ( bill paxton ) and his team are exploring the wreckage of the titanic on the floor of the atlantic , searching for a priceless diamond necklace which supposedly went down with the ship . what they find instead is a drawing of a woman wearing the necklace , which is broadcast on the news . the woman in the picture recognizes herself and phones lovett , who has her flown out to his exploration vessel on the high seas . there she tells her story to lovett and his team . in 1912 , rose dewitt bukater ( kate winslett ) , a young lady belonging to society's upper class , boards the titanic for the ship's first atlantic crossing , from southampton , england to new york . she is engaged to cal hockley ( billy zane ) , an heir to old money , and a snob in every sense of the word . on board , rose feels the stifling trappings of high-society's expectations , and resolves to escape from it all by throwing herself off the titanic's stern , but is saved from her self-proclaimed fate by jack dawson ( leonardo dicaprio ) , a passenger in third-class ( " steerage " , as it's referred to ) , who talks her out of jumping . although for rose the attraction is not immediate , a love affair soon develops between the two , which endangers rose's social standing as well as her engagement to the jealous cal . the story sounds very simple , and perhaps even unexciting , but through solid performances by the leads and good direction by cameron , a good movie comes through . dicaprio is marvelous as the young , but worldly-wise jack , playing the role with the confidence usually found in older actors . his is a character that is immediately likable , as he knows what he wants out of life and is charmingly able to handle a variety of situations . girls are going to swoon over him . winslet also proves herself a good actress , delivering her lines convincingly , and the quality of performances between winslet and dicaprio makes the relationship believable . the only problem with winslet is that she does not carry herself in accordance with her character's upbringing . simply by judgment of her gait , i was distracted from the fact that she was supposed to be an upper-crust debutante . rather than demonstrate the poise one would expect her character to possess , she sometimes looks positively clumsy , and it unfortunately detracts from her otherwise great acting . billy zane is cast well as the aristocratic snob cal , since he has a certain look that immediately makes you want to hate him . his features are such that even when he smiles , there's something mistrustful about him , and when he scowls , he is evil incarnate . he's something like a porcelain version of peter gallagher , but a cheaper model . like dicaprio and winslet , zane slips comfortably into his role and plays it well . backing up zane is david warner as lovejoy , cal's personal assistant ( or " man " as they said at the turn of the century ) . no matter who else is in the cast , you can always count on a good performance by warner , who seems to be made to play the distinguished gentleman with a gaze of steel and will to match . additionally , there are a number of smaller fictional and non-fictional roles thrown in for color , such as kathy bates as " the unsinkable " molly brown , danny nucci as jack's friend fabrizio de rossi , eric braeden as john jacob astor , and even bernard fox as colonel archibald gracie . nice to see dr . bombay getting work . also scattered about are some of the other steerage passengers who are basically in the movie so you can feel sorry for them when they die . this by itself may have been largely compulsory in a film about the titanic , but it transcends this status by putting these characters in direct conflict with the ship's crewmembers who strive to maintain order and assure that the first-class passengers are placed aboard the lifeboats before anyone else . in this way , titanic possesses a depth not usually found in action pictures . you don't just get a love story with a tragedy as a backdrop , but a very real account of class struggle as well . as i mentioned before , the budget for this film was tremendous , and it certainly showed in the set dressing and special effects . the interiors of the titanic are nearly breathtaking with their elaborate trimmings and intricate detail , and one has very little doubt that the layouts are authentic . with regard to the exteriors , i would dare anyone to point out a film in which a vessel has been recreated with such meticulousness or on such a scale . cameron actually built a scale model of the titanic in a water tank , but only had room for 90% , and therefore had to computer-generate the remaining 40 feet . could've fooled me and everyone else in the theater , as the splicing is seamless . also of note in this film is the way the audience is presented with the anatomy of the disaster right at the beginning . we are told of where the iceberg struck the ship , how the flooding occurred , the way the ship sank , and why it did so in that manner . these technical details serve as a guide for later on when the action starts happening , and allow us to view the sinking with informed analytic detraction , in addition to the more conventional placement in the midst of mayhem and confusion . in all , james cameron's titanic is a good blend of love story , history , and action . the fact that the film runs longer than most at about three hours is almost unnoticed as the viewer's attention is held alternately by those three main elements , from the movie's intriguing beginning to it's satisfactory ending . in box office receipts , titanic the movie will undoubtedly live up to the unsinkable expectations of titanic the ship . 
now that " boogie nights " has made disco respectable again ( well , fashionable at least ) , we shouldn't be surprised to see more films glorifying that dubious era . the latest art house interpretation is whit stillman's " the last days of disco . " stillman , who made " metropolitan " and " barcelona " using some of the same actors , uses disco's final hours to highlight what is another conversation-heavy movie that benefits from typically astute writing from the director . the young , upwardly-mobile professional ( don't call them yuppies ! ) men and women of " the last days of disco " frequent a prestigious new york city nightclub pulsating to the bass-pounding rhythms of earth wind and fire , amy grant , and andrea true connection . here they talk and talk and talk , intellectualizing about such things as dating , success , and being liked , accepted , and admired . if talk is cheap , " the last days of disco " must surely have been an extremely inexpensive movie to shoot . what makes the film so entertaining is that this preppie , harvard-educated jet set actually have something to say and say it with wit , perception , and style ( including , at one point , a riotously inventive deconstruction of " the lady and the tramp " ) . naïve alice ( chloë sevigny ) and sophisticated charlotte ( kate beckinsale ) are recent college graduates who work as assistant editors for a new york publishing house . charlotte is confident and outspoken--perhaps a little too outspoken ; alice is shy and introverted , " like a kindergarten teacher . " the two friends often doll themselves up and head out to the nameless nightspot , looking good and looking for excitement ( and that ms . beckinsale sure looks good on a dancefloor ! ) . here they meet , or re-meet , a variety of eligible men , many of whom they knew in college . des ( played by stillman favorite christopher eigeman ) is one of the club's managers whose job is on the line for sneaking his ad agency buddies in the back . des has reached a crisis point in his life : he just found out--last wednesday , in fact--that he's gay . whether it's true or not , it makes for a convenient excuse to dump his latest girlfriend ( jennifer beals in a small but soul-baring turn ) . charlotte observes cattily that the only gay thing about des is his mouth . jimmy ( mackenzie astin ) is the advertising exec who , by the end of the picture , winds up heading for a new job opportunity in spain ( visions of " barcelona " ? ) . josh ( matt keeslar ) is an assistant district attorney who dreams of being able to say , just once , " book this clown ! " and robert sean leonard plays another one of alice's revolving suitors ; the two have an amusing exchange about the true definition of virginity . any film that can make robert sean leonard palatable is worthy of respect in my book . in fact , the entire ensemble is appealing in that well-spoken stillman way . while the eschewing of " ferocious pairing " is a favored topic of conversation in the film , the protagonists tend to slip in and out of love , lust , and trouble with each other in an emotional merry-go-round that cleverly develops its characters through the " preferred " dynamics of social group interaction . more mature than stillman's previous two films , " the last days of disco " is as consistently droll as it is stimulating . it's a movie you should definitely get on down to . 
capsule : this is a harrowing look at a rarely dramatized chapter of wwii , life in a japanese prison camp . to end all wars is a moving film about the struggle of prisoners to retain their humanity and their dignity . the somewhat religious interpretation may not be to everyone's taste . rating : 9 ( 0 to 10 ) , + 3 ( -4 to + 4 ) more than any other people the japanese seem capable of acting with one goal and not letting any other consideration get in their way . this may be a holdover from the code of bushido when loyalty to ones master was the only law . during world war ii , of course , the one goal was winning the war . this led them to do some very inhuman things in pursuit of that goal . when the japanese had captured prisoners , they were very much treated in whatever way would be optimum for achieving the one goal . minimum resources were to be spent in maintaining prisoners in keeping with maximal positive output . while the germans , not known for their kindness in those days , had a 6% mortality rate among captured prisoners of war , the mortality rate of japanese prisoners of war was 27% . the best thing for the war effort was working prisoners nearly to death on the thailand to burma railroad . that railroad was needed if japan was to attack india as it planned to do . the best thing for the effort was not to waste much food on the prisoners so short and amazingly wretched food was the order of the day . and just being in the jungle without proper medical aid took its toll . in the public mind japan has never been held as accountable for war atrocities as was germany . filmmakers have been reticent to tell the story , perhaps for fear of offending the japanese . there are comparatively few films about the japanese pow camps . certainly there was david lean's the bridge on the river kwai . there were some low-budget british exploitation films and that was about it . then there were tv series " a town like alice " and " tenko . " lest the experience be forgotten we have a new film to end all wars directed by david cunningham and written by brian godawa . it is based on the account of ernest gordan who survived the horror of that world war ii prison camp and went on to become for 26 years the dean of the chapel at princeton university . the film while realistic shows the conditions in the camp as being considerably more brutal and sadistic than bridge on the river kwai portrayed them . the story opens with six or so soldiers being marched into the prison camp only to be immediately placed in front of a firing squad . it turns out to be a grim joke , one of many that the sadistic japanese play to amuse themselves . beating and torture are commonplace events . men already imprisoned tell the new arrivals to enjoy the last of their health ; it will not last long with parasites and disease almost inevitable . however , unlike as in kwai , the prisoners want to avoid going to the hospital , called by the prisoners the death house . so goes a war within a war with the prisoners trying to maintain their humanity and with the japanese trying to make them interchangeable and highly expendable cogs in a rail-laying machine . this is more than just a battle of who will win the war but a battle of ideologies . the japanese believe that the individual is nothing , that conformity to group's norms is all that gives a life meaning . conformity is purpose . before the film is over there will be some surprising revelations about the character of the prisoners and the character of those running the camp . if this story showed nothing but sadism from the japanese it would be one kind of story . if the british ( with one american , by the way ) and the japanese learned to respect each other it would be another kind of story . it is neither . it is a stirring and believable account of camp life . the color has been distorted in the film to give a washed out yellow . this serves a double purpose for cunningham . it gives an effect of technicolor film that has been left in heat . it also creates a distancing effect . the only touch that seems a little out of place is the use of gaelic music . this is a powerful and philosophical view of the prison camp experience . i rate it a 9 on the 0 to 10 scale and a + 3 on the -4 to + 4 scale . 
starring : bill paxton , billy bob thorton , bridget fondai know what i would do with $4 . 4 million if i found it in a previously undiscovered airplane crash site , especially if i were with jacob and lou . ( huh ? ) well , in any event , that is the situation hank ( paxton ) finds himself in . he and his dim-witted brother jacob ( thorton ) and tubby friend lou ( brent briscoe ) come upon a large bag of cash inside a plane wreck . against his better judgement , hank decides to go along with the idea of keeping it rather than going to the authorities . the rest of the film is a question of who is going to die to keep this a secret , and is it worth it ? a simple wish lies along the lines of very bad things , clay pigeons and even fargo , and is kind of wrapped all into one little dark bundle . oh , and its much better than any of those . sam raimi took a departure from his normal freak-show horror-monkey films and made this stylish and intriguing picture . he really lets the audience sit back and watch the events unfold rather than force them down our throats as many directors prefer to do . i think raimi knew he had a winner on his hands and decided to direct the picture on a natural flowing course . one of the film's components can be linked to a recurring theme in terrence malick's the thin red line . in malick's three hour bore-a-thon , he makes an interesting attempt to link mother earth to his war story . it seemed nothing more than an occasional pretty cut to a field of flowing grass , a small bird , or a flowing body of water . sure , there were obvious metaphorical connections , but there was no subtlty to his efforts . raimi does a fine job of tying in a fox in a chicken coop and birds of prey to signify the future of the characters . i think most viewers may miss the comparison , but it is a very intriguing ingredient in the film . and then there's billy bob thorton , who is proof that the independent film industry is vital to the life blood of hollywood . if it can continute to produce people like thorton , hollywood will be ok . he gives a fantastic and devastatingly deep performance here . it is not as engrossing as his carl childers character in slingblade , but is is just as complex , if not more so . jacob is slow and simple , and yet we so often see him deep in thought . i wondered if he was thinking about things that he would never say ( or didn't know how to say ) or if he was just taking a long time to think about the thing he just said . here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry . though the plot is somewhat unoriginal , it has a very appealing new twist in its characters . paxton gives one of the better performances of his career as the straight and serious leader of the group ( a far cry from chet in wierd science ) . perhaps bridget fonda is miscast as his advice-giving wife , but she certainly doesn't do anything ruin the picture . a simple plan can be included in the group of recent small hollywood films that is just dark and pretty un-redeeming . but at least this one has an important message , unlike so many of its counterparts .  stars ©1999 nick amado namado@concentric . net check out my movie reviews at www . writerboy . com/nick ( or i'll come to your house and read all my reviews outloud in miss piggy's voice ) 
1997 , pg-13 , 119 minutes [1 hour , 59 minutes]starring : pierce brosnon ( james bond ) , jonathon pryce ( elliot carver ) , michelle yeoh ( wai lin ) , teri hatcher ( paris carver ) ; written by bruce feirstien ; produced by barbara broccoli , michael g . wilson ; directed by roger spottiswoode ; based on characters created by ian fleming . seen december 28 , 1997 at 8 : 45 p . m . at the crossgates mall cinema 18 ( guilderland , ny ) , theater #8 , with matt perreault and my sister jena for free ( matt paid using pre-paid passes ) . if there's ever been an exception to the perils of excessive cliches and non- stop action , the james bond films are it . and if there's ever been a james bond film that not only proves this , but does so by pushing it to the extreme , " tomorrow never dies " is it . opening sequences almost always make or break action films . when done properly , not only are they actually exciting , but they foreshadow things to come . this film starts off on the right foot by establishing the kind of atmosphere that could only be found in an action movie , but with a sense of the self-aware , enclosed universe where james bond movies take place in . first there's a high-tech , slightly complicated scene involving a british warship crossing into unfriendly , chinese waters . there's definite tension as there seems to be an unknown , but certainly hostile , third party involved who is manipulating both sides . when the scene ends in tragedy , it's clear there's some kind of powerful conspiracy going on , and who else to call on for such a case but james bond ? the film uses good judgment in the way it introduces us to bond ( brosnon ) . as the enemy was portrayed as evil and mysterious , bond is clearly ( and obviously ) depicted as an out-and-out hero . he single-handedly takes out a small army of terrorists , and then must escape in the nick of time by flying away in a fighter jet while the co-pilot tries to strangle him and a terrorist in another jet tries to shoot him down ! this might sound like the kind of cliches films like this are notorious for ( over- ) using , but it works here because the film knows how to get our attention quickly . it's not about the payoff because it's obvious bond will escape , instead , it's the way it processes the action sequences by going over the top and not apologizing for it , all the while creating for witty , hysterical comedy . it seems less emphasis is placed on the villains in thrillers anymore , because of political correctness , and just plain copping-out on behalf of the filmmakers ( even the term " villain " sounds passe ) . what the film deserves kudos for is its ability to create a villain as heinous as they come , yet making him seem completely plausible . jonathon pryce delivers a perfect performance as the arrogant , cunning elliot carver , a media mogul whose goal is to take over the world , that is , through his massive media empire , not through nuclear weapons . through some interesting detective work , bond and the english ministry of defense believe carver is behind the trouble brewing in the southern asian seas as a way to create and accurately cover his own news . not only is that an original idea for a conflict , but one which could carry over into reality . surprisingly , this is about as detailed as the story allows the specific plot to become . the film's hook is the action , and of course those cool gadgets and we get plenty of that here as bond goes out to investigate carver and finds himself in a jam or two along the way . the story works much like bond himself - always on the run and concentrates more on the individual conflicts than any general plot . somehow a chinese agent , wai lin ( yeoh ) , bumps into bond a few too many times and they find themselves working together . the chemistry between brosnon and yeoh is rigid , but also works because of this , not in spite of it . the two are constantly on the run from carver and his goons , yet the film manages to balance the stunts and special effects with its clever story . although " tomorrow never dies " is far from perfect , it is quite an impressive film in terms of its ability to be so cliche and cartoony and not make plausibility an issue . please visit chad'z movie page @ http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz - over 180 new and old films reviewed in depth , not just blind ratings and quick capsules . also , check out the first shay astar web page @ http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz/shayastar . html to receive chad'z movie reviews directly , send e-mail to chadpolenz@aol . com with " subscribe plan#_ " in the header ( plan 1 - new releases , plan 2 - all movies reviewed ) . 
written by : alex proyas , lem dobbs and david s . goyerstarring : rufus sewell , kiefer sutherland , jennifer connelly , william hurt ingredients : man with amnesia who wakes up wanted for murder , dark science fiction city controlled by alien beings with mental powers . synopsis : what if you woke up one day , and suspected you were not on earth , and instead were part of an experiment in a giant space terrarium manipulated by intergalactic alien zookeepers ? in dark city john murdoch ( rufus sewell ) has this problem . dark city starts out like a 1940s noir amnesia detective mystery . poor john wakes up with amnesia in a hotel room with a dead dame in one corner . a mysterious phone call tells him to get the heck out of there , and soon enough john is chased all over town by a murderous army of pale people in black trench-coats , as well as by the police , and the dogged inspector bumstead ( william hurt ) . is john a murderer , and what can his missing memories tell him ? he searches through his own wallet for possible contacts and clues . but when the clues don't fit , it doesn't just confuse him ; it causes john to go so far as to question the whole nature of reality in the dark city . to john , something is fishy , and very unreal about this city . how come it's always dark , and nobody seems to remember what they did this morning ? and how come nobody seems to remember how to leave the city , or how to get to nearby shell beach ? every night , around midnight , john notices that the whole city enters a state of suspended animation , and at this time , creepy alien experimenters known as the 'strangers' come out and do nasty things like inject fake memories into people's heads with big hypodermic needles . the strangers have the ability to 'tune , ' or warp reality using telepathic powers . turns out , the city is not on earth at all . and the reason why john doesn't fall victim to the nightly suspended animation , is because he is a human mutation that possesses the same god-like reality-warping abilities as the strangers . even with the help of scientist dr . daniel schreber , can john take back the dark city ? opinion : director alex proyas ( he also directed the crow ) mentions this in the dark city press kit : in films , science fiction is always " used to have big spaceships blow up cities . i think we're a little tired of that . " according to director proyas , probably the most interesting thing about dark city is its layers . it's designed so that you can watch the film over again , and examine it from the perspective of a main character other than murdoch . it's a philosophical piece . cinematic science fiction is basically a thinly disguised shootout between the good humans and the bad aliens ( whether they be klingons , giant bugs , or proponents of the dark side of the force ) . but science fiction in books reaches beyond the 'shoot-em-up' level and targets the big questions , questions like who are we ? what is the human condition ? what is ethical ? what would a true human being do ? far from comic book style on the order of spawn , batman , or the mutant ninja turtles , dark city not only features the showdown between good humans and powerful aliens , but it also asks questions worthy of films such as brazil or blade runner . dark city is what philosophers would call an existentialist screenplay . a little more than 200 years ago , the world was filled with unhappy peasants - - unhappy because nearly every aspect of their lives was controlled by totalitarian , military , conformist , medieval regimes . the people took refuge in religion , the idea being that earthly life was a time of suffering , but after death , heaven would be available . meanwhile , the state used these same ideas to prop up their regimes ; the king was often head of the religion and therefore sanctioned by heaven . when science finally overturned religion , the medieval dictatorships came tumbling down and were replaced by democratic governments . but the new fear was that the power of science and experimentation would be used to create a world order as darkly totalitarian as the old . this is the time period when writers and philosophers such as freud , kant , kafka , nietzsche , and dostoevsky pondered what society should be , and what place the individual had in it . the existentialists' in particular wrote about the power of the lone individual against what may be a hostile , indifferent , or alienated universe . in dark city , when the last dying , defeated alien asks john murdoch why the aliens' scientific experiments on the human beings' brains failed , murdoch replies , pointing to his head , " because the human condition isn't located in here . " 
the always over-the-top underrated don knotts kicked off his first of a string of family films with this delightful comedy with a dash of horror . luther heggs ( knotts ) is a bug-eyed type-setter for the local newspaper , he's always dreamed of becoming a first-class reporter but newspaper manager ollie ( skip homeier ) makes fun of him and won't let him write any stories . luther is driving along when a man is hit over the head in front of the town's spooky old simmons mansion that everyone says is haunted . convinced that they can scare him away from the paper for good , ollie and george beckett ( dick sargent ) decide to let him write a story , what's the catch you ask ? he has to write it about his overnite stay in the simmons house . much to his horror he finds that things go bump in the night , the organ plays by itself , and a pair of garden shears are stabbed in the neck of a bleeding portrait . he writes of his experiences and the town declares him a hero . finding it unsuitable against the family name , nicholas simmons ( philip ober ) challenges luther to prove what he saw . of course , the same things never happen again , and he can't prove the secret passageway that he found . nicholas is trying to bulldoze the house because he wants to cover up the family's secret past . the film is classic knotts , the movie sets him up well and he's wonderful as usual . sadly the film is flawed , most of the character's motivations and thoughts are pretty obvious from the beginning . most non-knotts dialouge is boring and weak . plus , the trailer ( which appears before the movie ) shows almost every second of luther's confrontation in the spooked house . but i am a fan of knotts , where the geeky wide-eyed man gets the girl . the film is funny , but predictable , and not original , so it gets * * * stars . 
an astonishingly difficult movie to watch , the last temptation of = christ may be scorsese's most important film , and yet his most = impossibly abstract as well . scorsese presents the life of jesus = christ , through nikos kazantzakis' novel , which details the life of = christ from approximately 20 until the day of crucifixtion . jesus of = nazareth ( dafoe ) is a carpenter , who opens the film making crosses , so = that he can escape the fate he is subjected to , his destiny on earth . = yet , he soon learns his evil ways for aiding in the deaths of others , = and subjects himself to a desert in exile , in hopes that he can reach = god . before leaving , he asks for forgiveness from mary magdelene = ( barbara hershey ) , a prostitute who is also a childhood friend of jesus . = =20 after going to the desert , christ learns his true purpose in life , = and what he must do . aided by judas ( keitel ) , he sets off on teaching = the world his message . along the way , he meets john the baptist , the = rest of the prophets , and tries to teach the world his message . christ = is also confronted by internal demons and self-doubt , as he tries to = find his true purpose throughout the entire film . during the story , = judas is the closese ally of jesus : his betrayal , argues the film , was = not out of hate , but out of love , in order to allow christ to die . =20 he is eventually captured , and crucified as per the bibile . = however , as he is about to die on the cross , he is saved by a girl , who = brings him to his marriage with mary magdelene . the girl is a guardian = angel who is from god , and who has saved him from his death . jesus goes = on to live a life as a man , as a carpenter , and does not die on the = cross . on his deathbed , in the final moments of his life , he is visited = by the prophets , and by judas , who denounces his master for " not keeping = his end of the bargain . " judas reveals the angel to truly be the devil , = and the life jesus had lived to be the ultimate selfish act . jesus = escapes from his deathbed , and asks his father for forgiveness , for = succumbing to his last temptation . visually and aurally , the film is absolutely breathtaking . no other = director has even come close to realizing jerusalem during the time of = christ's life to the screen . peter gabriel contributes a score than is = simply astonishing , with pulsing rhythms that capture the viewer . the = performances are simply exquisite , with dafoe leading the way with a = mesmerizing turn as jesus . keitel , although his accent is a problem , is = passionately brilliant , fighting through language to bring the character = to life . the visuals are also amazing . scorsese frames his movie in a = harsh tone , leaving the impression that jesus truly is a man who is = having human frailties . the film , though , has many trouble spots . paul schrader's script is = one . schrader uses modern-day new york english to tell the story , along = with new york words , new york mannerisms , and new york slang speech . = the film also does not focus on the godly aspects of christ . there is = no underlying message behind the man's words . the film fails to capture = the glory and splendor of christ . had it faithfully explored that = aspect , than the dichotomy of jesus' soul , his frailties and doubt mixed = with his unmistakable glory , would have been simply spectacular . the = message of christ is confused between love and violence , and the film = merely tells us jesus is great , instead of showing us his greatness . the film is also overlong . it just drags in the middle , with = nothing truly happening . christ is a confused figure , in the sense that = the audience doesn't know who he really is . schrader forgets to give = jesus a message , to show that he truly is the messiah , to give him the = divinity . without that , he is a rambling prophet , who the audience = themselves do not believe . there are several moments of accidental = hilarity , and most of them occur when jesus is attempting to preach . = there are moments of brief awe and power , followed by moments of = confused hilarity . that said , the controversial temptation sequence is something to = behold . it is a step in an unexpected direction , one that leaves the = audience puzzled , until the arrival of the disciples . it is a simply = breathtaking scene , with jesus about to die as a mortal . it is truly = one of scorsese's finest moments . it is unfortunate that scorsese = couldn't make a film about christ as powerful as that one scene . =20 
 directed by robert iscove starring freddie prinze jr . , rachael leigh cook , jodi lyn o'keefe , anna paquin , kieran culkin , elden henson , paul walker , kevin pollak , dule hill , usher raymond , matthew lillard , clea duval , lil' kim high school comedies have been pretty rare this decade . while the horror film saw itself revived back to the glory days of the early 80s ( beyond that , actually ) , teen comedies have been absent for most of the 90's . sure , there was a dazed and confused here and a clueless there , but after that , what are we left with ? national lampoon's senior trip ? can't hardly wait came along last year , and was a deliberate attempt to recapture the 80s spirit , when films like say anything , sixteen candles , and fast times at ridgemont high were opening seemingly every weekend . the problem with can't hardly wait was that it tried too hard . it remembered those great 80s films so much that the line between homage and ripoff was stretched very thin . there were some fine individual moments and it was certainly energetic , but in the end it failed . and considering it's weak box office performance , it seemed like the genre was dead . well , she's all that is perhaps the very film that can revive this genre . the sold out theater i saw t in was very receptive towards the movie and so was i ( albeit for different reasons ) . freddie prinze jr . is zack siler , a guy who is living on top of the world . he is senior class president , an honor student , pretty much runs the school , and has a knockout girlfriend ( o'keefe ) to boot . early in the film , everything falls apart . his girlfriend dumps him for brock hudson , star of mtv's the real world . in an attempt to protect his legacy , he bets his friend ( paul walker ) that he can turn any girl in the school into the prom queen . the girl walker picks is laney boggs , a social nothing who wears glasses , eccentric clothes ( to say the least ) , and paints dark and disturbing works in art class . one would think laney would love the chance to get to know zack . one thing i enjoyed about the film , is that she is initially reluctant to spend time with him . she is rightfully suspicious about his motivations , but he convinces her that he wants to learn about art . this may not have been just a line . she takes him to an art show and puts him on the spot . he goes up on stage , and in a wonderful moment of spontaneity improvises an act involving a hacky sack . zach gets a real rush out of the moment . he's never experienced the thrill of a live performance before . outside of the theater , he tells laney she has beautiful eyes and should not wear contacts . this is a key scene , because this is the first time we understand that zach's interest here is more than just winning a bet , and it happens before her transformation . that being said , the big transformation scene is every bit as wonderful as it should be . at it's heart , she's all that is just a traditional romantic comedy . on a broader scale , it deals with themes such as responsibility , choices , and the high school social structure . zach is afraid to decide what college to go to , and he uses his father's agressiveness as an excuse . laney hides her true feelings in her bizaare paintings and uses her father and brother , both of whom she practically takes care of , as an excuse for not having a social life . john hughes usually attacked parents , and presented them as one-dimensional subhumans who had no ability to understand what their children were going through . she's all that takes a different route . it says someone must make their own choices , and take responsibility for themselves , no matter what problems their parents might present . the social structure in high school is the most painful , inhumane , cruel thing for a teenager to go through . both zach and laney begin to understand this . they also learn that it's possible to survive this structure without actually becoming part of it . laney has a line later in the film - " i think the right person is up there " - that pretty much sums up this theme . freddie prinze jr . 's performance is really strong here , as opposed to his bland , wooden performance in i know what you did last summer . at the beginning of the film , he is the typical all-american egotistical jock , proud of his legendary existence . to prinze's credit , zach is never too obnoxious . this is because prinze never overacts . instead , he relies on his natural charisma and allows the material to speak for itself . it's a gamble that pays off because later in the film it allows him to be quite charming . as laney , rachael leigh cook is quite a revelation . like janeane garofalo in the truth about cats and dogs , she is beleivable as someone who could be perceived as an ugly duckling by the majority , eventhough the rest of us know better . she has one particular scene , when she learns of the bet , where she delivers a line of pure uninhibited rage perfectly . there is more to anger than just shouting and cook understands that . together , they have a fabulous chemistry , and every scene between them is absolute y delightful . if she's all that has a flaw , it is in the annoying portrayal of two supporting characters . i very much enjoyed jodi lyn o' keefe's performance in halloween : h20 ( though i didn't enjoy the film ) , but here she seems to be on a mission to steal every single scene she is in . instead of just playing her one-dimensional character as a bitchy snob , o'keefe wildly overacts with a repetitive line delivery and bizaare facial expressions . look at jordanna brewster's performance in the faculty for a much better portrayal of a similar character . then there is matthew lillard as brock hudson , the real world star . his performance is fine on it's own i suppose , but it really belongs in a different movie . i think this subplot would've worked better if o'keefe's character got together with one of zach's friends . however , other minor characters are simply wonderful . i admired how the film gives each of them a chance to shine . kevin pollak , as laney's dad , is addicted to watching jeapordy . the fact that he never knows the right answer doesn't prevent him from giving a hilariously wrong one anyways . paul walker's performance is interesting , because he is able to disguise his true intentions several times throughout the film . keiran culkin is amusing as laney's younger brother , and the friendship that develops between him and zach is actually touching . elden henson , as laney's childhood friend , and anna paquin , as zach's sister , also have some very nice moments . lee fleming's script is witty and smart . he doesn't rely on tired cliche's to wrap the film up . a key confrontation is left off screen , and instead just revealed through dialogue . this allows the incident to be funny , instead of horrifically out of place , as it would've seemed if shown on screen . iscove does a fine job throughout . the film is never boring , and a big dance scene at the prom is quite an exhilarating moment , thanks to some wonderful choreography combined with lively music . she's all that isn't very original on it's surface . it's another retelling of the pygmalion story . but it's execution that matters the most , and iscove , fleming , and the actors execute the material just right . larry mcgillicuddy - the cinemaniac http : //members . xoom . com/lmcgill/movpage . htm 
 first , i am not a big fan of the x-files tv series . i have nothing against it particularly , i just don't happen to watch it . having said that , i can now say that i liked the x-files pretty well . for us non-fans , there's nothing big going for it , but there are a lot of little things . the movie opens on an ice cave in north texas in 35 , 000 b . c . two proto-humans enter the cave and find a space alien cocooned inside . the alien breaks free and kills one man in a struggle while the other is seemingly captured by the bloody ooze from the alien . the movie jumps to the same cave today where a boy ( lucas black , from sling blade ) is captured by the same black ooze . we then cut to fbi agents scully and mulder ( gillian anderson and david duchovny ) , who have been pulled off of their previous assignment ( investigations into the paranormal ) and put onto the bomb squad detail . a caller has threatened a federal building in dallas , texas . on a hunch , mulder checks out the building across the street , and , wouldn't you know it , he turns out to be right . the fbi finds the bomb in time to evacuate but not in time to defuse . five people die in the blast , and when mulder learns who the victims were , a light bulb goes on over his head . the two agents team up to investigate , against fbi orders , the links mulder has made . their search leads them back to the north texas cave , all across the country , and even to antarctica as they get closer and closer to " the truth . " the plot , and " the truth , " are uninspired . i got the feeling that what i learned was supposed to shock and amaze me . it didn't . the possible existence of aliens on earth has been explored so many times before in movies that one could hardly count them . but the point of the x-files is not what the truth is , but the extent to which it has been hidden . it's a slightly more interesting angle , but it still raises expectations about that " truth " too high . if this were the whole film , i would say the movie was mediocre , perhaps even boring . but there are other qualities that make me like this movie well enough to recommend it . the pacing of the film was brisk enough to hold my interest . before the audience can get tired of one location , the agents follow a hot tip to another location , and so on and so forth . the locations are not all computer-generated sets , either . there are some artificial settings , but the desert night of nevada , the edge of suburbia in texas , and the endless fields of snow in antarctica ( actually somewhere in north america . ) make this fantastic film feel more real . ward russell's cinematography is very good . the overall look is dark and ominous , appropriate to the intended tone of the film's plot . russell is able to make something as innocuous as a cornfield look foreboding . when the movie is set in darkness , the picture quality is still rich and detailed . finally , and specifically , there is an incredible shot at night in which the camera crosses the tracks in front of a fast oncoming train . i don't know if the shot is faked in any way , but it looks dangerous , and it looks great . the movie's soundtrack is also used to convey the dark tone of the film . ( skip to the next paragraph if you have yet to see the movie - there is a spoiler in the following sentences . ) during the opening prehistoric sequence , a howling wind dogs the soundtrack , never giving the characters or the audience an escape from the lonely terrible sound . in one of the movie's most effective sequences , metallic doors suddenly slam open to release a cloud of buzzing bees . the visuals of the scene are good , but what makes it so surprising and frightening is the sound . there was no question as to who the movie's stars would be . even so , duchovny and anderson are an interesting pair of actors and a good combination . both are easy on the eyes and together , they have some good timing , banter , and energy . there is a hint of chemistry between them , but it never gets in the way of their professional relationship . they are like a couple of kids out exploring the empty lot at the end of the street . there might be some romantic interest , but for now they're more interested in their environs than they are in each other . no single element really makes this movie outstanding - not even the sense of paranoia that makes the tv show so popular . but enough things were done right that the x-files is one of the more interesting summer adventures to come along . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
when i first heard of contact , the hype was building it up as a sci-fi blockbuster . now , with that in mind , coupled with the knowledge of jodie foster's involvement in the project , i thought " what in the world is foster doing in a sci-fi blockbuster ? ? ? " . as it turned out , my expectations were completely nullified and turned topsy-turvy . robert zemeckis , back from the euphoria created by his last film , forrest gump , once again proves his mastery in fusing tales of adventure with along the endearing lines of human spirit . don't get me wrong , contact is sci-fi…but with a definite difference . based on the late carl sagan novel of the same name , the story delves itself in questions on science and god ; fact and faith . allie ( foster ) is a radio astronomer . she spends her time listening to the stars , via ultra-huge communication dishes in search of intelligent life beyond the solar system . her passion for `long-distance communication' is the result of her younger days being spent avidly in front of a ham-radio system ( a hobbyist radio communication device ) which her late-father bought for her . a scene which particularly strengthens the audiences' view of the passion is when she asked her father whether she could contact her late-mother through the ham-radio system in which her father replied " not even the most powerful radio in the world can do that , now " . allie's research is based on the seti project ( search for extra terrestrial intelligence ) , in which she listens to radio emissions from other galaxies in the hope of finding one which would suggest intelligent manipulation . her work has never been off the scrutiny of the us government , which considers it a waste of taxpayer's money and politically unviable , her supervisor ( tom skerritt ) pulls the plug on seti . undaunted , allie managed to gather a loyal group of `believers' and eventually found funding from a large private corporation . the following months were treacherous to their hopes and research as they are contantly pressured by the government but all that changed when one day , she caught an emission of a seemingly intelligent repeating sound-wave . the news of her find attracted hordes of alien believers , cultist , the media and of course , the government . the situation became intense upon her discovery of pictorial plans on building a form of transport which were embedded within the repeating sound emission . as the world join forces to build this transport , allie is desperate to be the one to go . she enrols herself among a few hopefuls , to represent the world when the transport is ready for operation . her eligibility for the spot failed when she is questioned on her beliefs in the existence of god by the president's spiritual advisor ( mcconaughey ) ; allie , being an atheist , a result of her belief in fact and science , refuses to budge upon questioning . at this point the movie plot thickens considerably as she is romantically involved with the president's spiritual advisor . a strong point which propelled the movie is the depth of its main characters played by foster and mcconaughey . from the very first meeting scene , it is obvious that the two of them was sort of kindred spirits but they were worlds apart in almost all aspects , foster being a person drawn to science and facts and mcconaughey being one who believes in faith , hope and the power of the unseen . the meeting of their worlds , added with the situation which they are put into makes the entire storytelling process near flawless . many people who read the synopsis of this film would find it a tad too ridiculous , but by actually immersing yourself in it , gives you an entirely different perspective ; one which is free from bias and pre-conceptions . zemeckis and his team of screen writers have done a remarkable job in telling this tale through film . contact works by not delving in controversy but rather , touches the thinking audience , urging them to ponder upon the questions raised in the film concerning fact and faith ; whether one can actually find compromise within . i consider contact as one of the must-sees for this year . 
" face/off " is the story of sean archer ( john travolta ) , a member of an elite secret fbi team attempting to hunt down and catch castor troy ( nicholas cage ) , one really vile and over the top terrorist ( of course , who isn't in today's action movies ) . in the opening of the movie we watch as sean gets nailed from castor troy with a sniper's bullet . unfortunately , while sean barely survives the attack , his son doesn't , and thus sets sean on a life-long pursuit after the evil castor . normal action movie right ? wrong . flashy action director john woo ( somewhat unsuccessfully ) throws the audience a curveball . to better infiltrate castor's crime syndicate , mainly in attempt to stop a bomb going off in the middle of la , sean uses " modern day technology " . what technology you ask ? it's not just rubber noses : sean literally exchanges his own face with the face of castor ( who at this point has been brought into justice and is resting peacefully in a coma ) . sound moderately corny ? it is , and no matter how many special effects john woo brings into the mix , the switch still seems awkward to me . while this is in some ways a pitfall of the movie , fortunately it turns around to make the movie more enjoyable . as suspected , castor gets out of the coma , and takes the original face of sean archer . thus for the majority of the movie , you have literal role reversals , sean appears to be castor , and vice versa . more importantly however , the audience gets to see john travolta acting like the wild nicholas cage we've come to love , and cage play the more straight-shooting travolta . you can see the actors are having a good time in their roles , and the actors play wonderfully off each other . now the real question : how's the action ? fortunately , it's the other major strength of the movie , with incredibly original sequences , from speed boats to planes on runways . john woo is a master at this art , and succeeds in creating exciting and invigorating shoot outs . on that same note however , i was disappointed in that what i believed to be the best action sequence - where sean is attempting to intercept castor at the airport - is the first sequence of the movie ! consequently , while the movie opened with a bang , i was a little let down by the remaining action sequences . and on a minor point , while most of the slow motion touches are nice , mr . woo seems to be a little too obsessed with this movie making quality . all in all , if you allow yourself to be wrapped up in face/off's vortex , you may look back at a few parts ( the face swapping scene comes instantly to my mind ) with skepticism , but you'll certainly enjoy the two hour ride . 
takeshi kitano is truly the " king of all media " in japan , where he has conquered the worlds of film , television , radio , newspapers , even stand-up comedy . however , if american audiences know him at all , it is likely for his villainous role in the putrid cyberthriller johnny mnemonic . that could all change with the near-simultaneous stateside launches of two of his writing-directing-editing-acting efforts , sonatine and fireworks ( hana-bi ) . notice i wrote " could " instead of " will " or " should , " because kitano's poetic , meditative brand of filmmaking will probably be as difficult for most mainstream audiences to sit through as it is to describe ( at the showing of sonatine i attended , there were more than a handful of walkouts ) . these two films fit squarely within a genre ( in both of these cases , crime thriller ) , yet they are made in a stylized , lyrical style more befitting of avant-garde arthouse fare . the resulting works are slow and somewhat difficult , but they prove to be rewarding sits for the more open-minded viewer . in 1993's sonatine , kitano ( billed under his acting moniker " 'beat' takeshi " ) plays an aging small-time gangster dispatched by his boss to go to okinawa to help resolve a turf conflict . after an ambush , a double-cross is clearly afoot , and he and his crew of rather immature young men retreat to a seaside cabin . it is during this section that most people departed the auditorium , but it's not for the reasons one may think . although there are brief bursts of bloody violence interspersed throughout the film , what ( for lack of a better word ) " offended " was the attention to behavior that would normally be deemed too trivial to be shown onscreen . kitano spends plenty of time focusing on what these men do to keep themselves from complete boredom , such as staging mock sumo wrestling matches . it sounds kind of boring on the page ( and , apparently for some it's boring on screen as well ) , but the quirky humor of these scenes give what could easily be a tired story an unusual air of freshness and humanity . as expertly made as it is , what i found lacking in sonatine was any emotional connection , which diminished the power of the finale . the same cannot be said of kitano's most recent effort , fireworks ( hana-bi ) . in this film , kitano , in a nearly silent role , plays a former cop who takes his terminally ill wife ( kayoko kishimoto ) on an extended road trip ; at the same time , police tail him for a bank robbery he made in order to pay off a mob loan shark . much like sonatine , the film moves at a leisurely pace ; there are brief , unsettling bursts of violence ; and laughs are derived from quirky situations and behavior . but fireworks is more richly satifying to the emotions and the senses . serving as a counterpoint to the main plot is the story is of a crippled former partner ( ren osugi ) who searches for meaning through painting . his paintings ( which , not so surprisingly , are actually painted by kitano himself ) are extensively viewed in haunting wordless sequences , which provide the film with a stunning visual framework that grows increasingly ominous as the quietly poignant conclusion draws near . it is unlikely that the films of takeshi kitano will be as widely embraced by american viewers as those of hong kong directors . but in sonatine and fireworks , kitano proves to be a gifted cinematic visionary whose truly unique work deserves stateside recognition , even if that recognition comes from a fairly limited , though highly appreciative , audience . 
starring : anthony hopkins , alec baldwin , harold perrineau , elle macphersoni swear i have seen the edge before . in fact , it reminded me of the bear , the river wild , and other various films mixed into an entirely different film . however , the edge has done something that most action films should do , and that is add heart and characters we like to the plot . in doing so , the edge draws many more suspenseful moments out of cliched scenes than , say , the peacemaker . unfortunately , because of those overused moments , we can pretty much guess the outcome of the film . but leave it to screenwriter david mamet to add humor and a few surprises to mess with your head . one surprise , in particular , left me smiling just because mamet actually had the guts to add it to his script . action films are a dime a dozen in hollywood , and while they are somewhat successful at entertaining us , they lack the one thing which would make them a more respected genre : intelligence . even horror films have learned this , a genre which is probably the least respected of them all . the river wild was one of the best action/suspense films i have seen from the 90s . the intelligence of the screenplay , and the suspense drawn from the realistic characters is nearly unmatched to this day . the edge has the intelligence and smart characters , but this time the lack of originality is the downfall . i must admit that it was very suspenseful , and had an original third half , but the first hour and a half is riddled with cliches and plot holes . this is an example of the final act saving the film , instead of the other way around ( as in the lost world ) . if only the screenplay had maintained the final thirty minutes' intensity , it could have become a great action film ( and i use the term loosely ) . the edge is pretty much a survival-of-the-fittest film . but taking scream's lead , the edge makes fun of the genre's cliches , and then uses them ( though not quite as effectively ) . charles morse ( anthony hopkins ) is the main character , a rich and very intelligent man who wonders what the accumulation of all this knowledge has brought to him . for once , we don't immediately care for the main character . instead , we like bob ( alec baldwin ) , a photographer who is going to take pictures of charles' wife , mickey ( elle macpherson ) , out in the wilderness . they board a plane and head to a cabin somewhere in the arctic . charles' birthday is the same day , and he receives a gold watch from his wife , and a pocket knife from bob . as action films go , these items do have importance to the rest of the story , but quite a bit more than we first expect . soon , however , bob wants to find a native to shoot pictures of because of his " personality . " charles , bob , bob's assistant steve ( harold perrineau ) , and the pilot head off to find him , and as shown in the previews , hit a flock of birds flying south for the winter . down the plane goes , the pilot is killed , and the three are left to survive in the wilderness . director lee tamahori is aware of the silly plot which is about to follow , and therefore has to create original ways to approach the situations . he succeeds often enough for us to enjoy the film . take , for instance , the entire man-hunting bear plot . this has been done many times in films with different animals , and even bears . but given the charles' intelligence , and bob's uncertainty , many of the cliches are given fresh twists . even charles himself seems to have seen these action films before . my favorite line of the film comes from charles : " most people die in the wilderness because they didn't do the one thing that could save their life . . . thinking . " despite the predictability of the main plot , a subplot develops late in the film which took me by surprise , and made me smile when i realized that everything isn't as it seems anymore . i have to write cautiously as to not reveal this surprise , so instead i will avoid it entirely . the first two-thirds of the edge have many humorous moments to push it along , and some of charles' survival techniques seem possible , even making fire from ice . tamahori is able to create a lot of suspense from the stalking bear , but whenever the bear is present , the characters lose all sensibility . i have always wondered why characters in films walk over a log to get across water . why not do what an intelligent person would and crawl across ? i guess getting chased by a bear makes your thought process turn off for a while . thankfully , we already have begun to care for the characters , and so we let this small detail slide . but some of the technical details are awkward , such as the nice stitching done on the fur coat that charles and bob make ( where did they get thread and needles ? ) . the acting of the film is highly above average for a film of this nature , and borders on phenomenal . anthony hopkins gives a terrific performance , creating his most likeable and layered character since remains of the day . hopkins usually brings greatness to his roles , but here he exceeds at gaining the audiences' sympathy , something he definitely did not do in silence of the lambs . alec baldwin gives one of his best performances i have ever seen ( it sure is better from his fair game ) . baldwin can be a good or a bad character , and here he succeeds at both in a way . you can never quite guess if he is a nice or a vllainous character until the end , and baldwin is able to handle the double-natured photographer . elle macpherson gives a good performance , albeit slight . she isn't in the film all that much , but for the scenes she does have , she handles as an actress , not as a model . harold perrineau is a good actor , and his scenes are nice and underplayed . he is eliminated early , and i reveal nothing by saying this because it is inevitable and predictable . the edge is rated r for graphic violence , some gore , and language . some of the violence is a little too disturbing , even for me . this film is a nice change from the mindless action most of us are used to , but too many cliches bog it down . director tamahori has created a very smooth and suspenseful action film out of recycled parts . david mamet's script , though , has a lot of humor to keep the first hour afloat , and the acting is solid . the best thing about the script is the ending which doesn't end with the normal high-strung action sequence , but with a small detail involving a certain gift . it's a nice touch considering what we have had to go through with the bear . and by the way , most people laughed when the film faded to black due to a large credit to bart the bear . way to go , bart . reviewed by respect ( respect@aros . net ) http : //www . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
review by scott hunt movie hunt : http : //netdirect . net/~hunt/index . html cast : vin diesel , radha mitchell , keith david , cole hauser , rhiana griffith , claudia black , lewis fitz-gerald writers : david twohy , ken and jim wheat director : david twohy pitch black is a sheep in wolf's clothing . it is full of darkness , danger and violence and if you buy into the marketing hype , an unsettling and scary film going experience . don't be fooled . pitch black is a morality play masquerading as a scare-fest . it starts off with blistering intensity . a cargo spaceship crash lands on a planet apparently leeched of life by the scorching heat of three suns . among the survivors is fry ( mitchell ) , the ship's pilot , who spends the film wrestling with the fact that she tried to jettison the other passengers in her effort to land the craft safely . there is imam ( david ) , an islamic leader whose faith in his god is tested repeatedly throughout the film . there is a law enforcement officer in the form of johns ( hauser ) , who attacks every situation with square jawed authoritarian zeal . and there is riddick ( diesel ) , a menacing , muscle-bound convicted murderer who's being brought back to justice by johns . the group quickly sizes up the situation and each other . confident in their assessment of matters , a plan is set in motion to escape their hellish environment . those plans are shredded by the appearance of one of the planet's wildlife , a predatory , sometimes winged , species that enjoys the taste of blood and flesh . fortunately , the creatures are light sensitive and are forced to live in networks of catacombs under the planet's surface . unfortunately , the group has managed to land on the planet moments before an eclipse is about to occur , taking away their one protection from the monsters . the group's savior comes in the form of johns , whose decisive leadership looks to deliver them from purgatory . or does it ? pitch black deviates from the standard sci-fi fare by avoiding some of the stock " escape the boogieman " conflicts the genre typically serves up . just as the planet gave a false facade of lifelessness , first appearances given by the survivors proves to be just as false . the excitement of the film comes not from the danger posed by the creatures , but rather from watching the shifting allegiances and emotional growth of the characters as the planet serves as a deus ex machina of sorts to catalyze emotional growth . a recurrent theme runs throughout the movie of faith , whether it be religious or in a person , and how that powers their motivations . i found it telling that an accidental death occurs early on due to the misperception of a self professed atheist . conversely , imam constantly contributes any good fortune to allah . one by one , his perceived heaven sent blessings are taken away and crushed . imam is forced to reassess his faith . another character expresses belief in god , along with a life long hate . yet another character makes a decision that echoes the sentiments of christ about selflessness and has lasting repercussions for several of group . it is a fascinating character study hiding under the guise of a scare flick . special mention should be made of vin diesel , who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a truly mesmerizing presence . his character could have easily slipped into a parody of the baddass killing machine , but twohy and diesel add surprising depth to riddick . they can be excused for the two or three shwarzenegger-like catch phrases that growl their way out of diesel's mouth . the movie has its flaws that can be nitpicked . the creatures do look derivative of the ones in alien . the dialogue isn't the freshest at times , reminiscent of a bad comic book . yes , the appearance of riddick's vision skills are more than a little timely considering the situation . these trappings are on the periphery of the story twohy is really trying to tell . twohy may have lured you in under the pretense of scaring you with film fabricated boogieman , but he shows the real boogieman to be the prejudices and beliefs we use to direct decisions in our lives . 
one of kyle mclachlan's earlier cinematic features , this movie has had an obvious influence on such films as the terminator ( 8/10 ) , species ( 7/10 ) and the more recent , fallen with denzel washington . plot : a science-fiction picture set in modern times , this thriller follows the exploits of an " entity " from outer space , who likes to inhabit human bodies , use them up until they are completely worn out , and then switch over to the next available receptacle . fbi agent ( mclachlan ) and local top cop ( nouri ) are charged with the capture of this " thing " before it's too late . critique : this fast-paced , urban equivalent of the thing ( 8/10 ) , checks in on all cylinders for ultra-violence ( god knows how many people died in this movie ) , action and an overall rock 'n roll attitude . then again , how can you go wrong with an " alien " that likes the ferraris , guns , heavy metal music and sexy girls ? ! granted , the plot isn't the most elaborate of tales ( alien bad , find alien , kill alien ) , but i can honestly say that i was never once bored during the viewing of this entire picture . i wouldn't recommend it to those who don't like car chases , murders , and bland acting , but for all the rest of you out there , those who enjoy putting away their brains every now and again , sitting back , slamming back some salsa'd nachos , and relishing in the cheeze some call film . . . have a blast ! ! two scenes to watch for are both within the first ten minutes of this gore-fest . the opening sequence is one of the most rockin' scenes to open any action movie , and the subsequent extra-terrestrial " transformation " is another eye-catcher . even the late 80's special effects were okay . followed by the hidden ii in 1994 . little known facts : this film was kyle maclachlan's first non-david lynch foray into the world of feature films . his first two movie appearances were in lynch's wretched dune ( 4/10 ) and the sensational blue velvet ( 8 . 5/10 ) visit joblo's movie reviews  " http : //www . microtec . net/~drsuess/ 
well , i know that stallone is 50 years old now , but in daylight he doesn't look it ! daylight is a great disaster movie . if you've seen cliffhanger , you'll know stallone's character already . a guy with a bad past , but is in the right place at the wrong time . a tunnel connecting new york and new jersey has both sides collapses when a group of robbers collide with a truck carrying * very * flammable toxic waste . a dozen or so people survive the collapses and the incinerating fireball ( and what a fire ball it was ! ) stallone , a former emergency medical service man , is chauffeuring a rich couple around , when they reach the outside of the tunnel , before the explosion . then , 30 minutes into the movie , boom ! from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged . most all the action is plausible and will hold you at the edge of your seat . there are a few melodramatic parts here , but , they tend to work out well . there is no general antagonist in this film , but the action and suspense makes you forget all about that . daylight is a great film , i saw a non-matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny . the characterizations are mostly flat , one dimesional , but they have enough in them to get you to care for some of the characters . rob cohen ( dragonheart ) does a great job with this film . 
the people of david riker's the city ( la ciudad ) are easily recognizable : poor destitute mexican immigrants living in listless boroughs of new york city . and the director's careful , patient examination of their incessant , daily struggle to survive by taking any job they can get constitutes most of what the film is about . the city is comprised of four short vignettes , all very poetic in their open-endedness . in the first one , bricks , a group of mexican laborers is taken to the field of nearly ruined buildings . they are left in the middle of nowhere and promised 50 dollars a day for cleaning up bricks . when the ruins of a demolished building collapse and kill one of the workers , the rest can't even explain to the ambulance where they are . home , the second story , offers another look at the immigrant dilemma . a young man , francisco , while searching for his distant relatives , stumbles into a party and ponders about his choice of coming to america to a woman he meets . he doesn't know anyone in the city and all his possessions fit in one bag he carries with him . the moment of comfort he obtains by sharing his sorrows with a woman from his native town in mexico is fleeting -- he is lost on his way from a grocery store back to her apartment . the protagonist of the puppeteer is a loving father , who lives with his daughter in a car and survives by performing puppet shows to the local kids in the neighborhood . they watch the moon at night while the father reads fairy tales to his daughter , hoping that some day she will be able to go to school with the other kids . she won't , as it turns out , because he can't provide a receipt proving that his daughter lives in the city . the final and the most desolate is the story of seamstress , a woman who comes to america to earn money for the family she left behind . she is devastated to find out that her daughter is sick , but , as in the previous three tales , her situation is hopeless : the sweatshop owners keep promising to pay , but it's obvious that the woman , as well as the other desperate workers , will not get a cent for their labor . the stories of this spare , reserved documentary-like black-and-white film give face to the faceless , to those aspects of urban and , most importantly , human experience we usually avert our eyes from . riker turns to traditions of italian neorealism , a genre whose premise was to bring real people and contemporary social problems into focus . like most films of that era , the city expresses no hopes for deep social change and is thus an incredibly inert film . it is authentic , somber and tragic , and the poverty it depicts could have been captured anywhere in the world . the fatalism that pervades the lives of riker's characters calls for a depressing conclusion : that nothing will ever change for these people . when a seamstress demands to be paid , other workers stop working and stare at her breakdown in the agonizing silence . not being paid for weeks , without any security in their lives , will they express solidarity with her ? probably not . david riker does nothing to pull your heartstrings , which is why the film is so honest and devastating . but it is the absence of any kind of inner force in the film that disturbs me more than its morbid subject matter . i remember john huston's fat city , about two fighters from stockton : one is aging and paunchy , who had his moment of glory but whose next stop is skid row ; his young counterpart has chosen the same fate , despite the living lesson before his eyes . stockton is not new york -- no one in their right mind will ever go there , and fat city isn't about immigrants , but about failure and poverty . it is a brutal and bleak picture , but the way huston depicts his characters is dramatically different from riker : it is a film about people who are beaten before they start , but who never stop fighting . their despair has the smell of liquor , unmade beds , and cheap hotels , but they obstinately bounce back and refuse to take defeat for granted . it is perhaps the passivity of la ciudad , both in content and style , that makes this film a bittersweet disappointment . 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member max messier . you can find the review with full credits at http : //www . filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/d7665b014d292aff8825684b000a1cf2 ? opendocument my assumption is that every generation needs their own version of the film the king and i . my grandparents had rex harrison , my parents had yul brynner , and now my generation has chow yun-fat . hold the phone right there , mister . chow yun-fat . . . isn't he that the guy from those crazy , violent , hong kong action movies by john woo ? fear not , kind reader , for chow yun-fat commands the role made famous for all these years and gives both harrison and brynner a run for their money . when i watch chow yun-fat , one person comes to mind : steve mcqueen . watching chow move across the screen and establish his presence strongly echoes the attitude and the acting style of mcqueen . upon the viewer's first impression of the king of siam , chow is the complete image of royalty in eastern asia . his curt , rigid mannerisms and omnipotent status as king are delivered strongly with simple , direct looks . this attitude clearly draws the line between the customs of the east and west . as the film progresses , i watched chow evolve from this distant , commanding presence to an emotional , tangible creature that , with an honest glance , can covey passionate love for his family and for his country . the chemistry between the king and anna is made concrete by jodie foster's amazing acting abilities . she encompasses fully the role of a victorian lady born and bred in england . her staunch avocation towards defending her actions and securing proper respect from the king is fueled by the directness of foster's character . foster projects a silent understanding of the king's actions towards his family and strives to communicate with him on an equal level . she brings to the role a hidden sorrow that is shared by the king , and this sorrow lets them draw closer to one another . her reservations towards temptation are laid bare and chow supplements the situations with his own reservations towards love for another person . the main issue with films that deal with an epic theme -- one that requires grandiose set constructions , hundreds upon thousands of extras , an amazing selection of costumes and jewelry , and exotic locations -- is that it can all fail with the wrong director behind the camera . with all the amazing acting achieved by chow yun-fat and jodie foster and complex character development they pull off so well in the film , anna and the king has the wrong director for the job . this is where my main criticism for the film lies . andy tennant , from such hits as fools rush in , that crazy salma hayek comedy , and ever after , must have gotten his directing credentials out of a crackerjack box . the emotional impact of many intimate scenes between chow and foster were lacking one thing : intimacy . tennant never draws close to the character's faces and i felt distant and removed from most of the scenes . the acting of chow and foster held strong conviction for me , but the inclusion of these images would have left a greater impression . tennant also lets the actors move within the scene without letting the camera move with them , but this only instills greater remoteness towards the audience . another main fault is the film's script . i'm not to sure that this subject matter should have been handed over to two guys , steve meerson and peter krikes , whose last film was star trek iv : the voyage home . i could just see the first treatments of the film : `kirk to spock , put the phasers on stun because the king of siam needs our help to rid his country of imperialist forces uniting against him in a deadly trade war' . `dammnit jim , i'm a doctor not a political advisor ! ' this `political struggle' of chow's king mongkut between british imperialism and the internal power struggles of his kingdom adds only a distraction to the film's main focus of the unrequited love people can hold for one another . when it attempts to give partial validation to the love of the king and anna by their uniting to overcome this `power struggle , ' the film becomes trite and reaches resolution without fanfare or emotional involvement from the audience . overall , the film is commendable for the acting of chow and foster and the impressive set and costume designs of the film . anna and the king should also provide chow yun-fat the ability to finally move into a stronger category of american actors and achieve the notoriety he has held for so long in the east . would that it did more for the audience . 
© copyright 2001 planet sick-boy . all rights reserved . films adapted from comic books have had plenty of success , whether they're about superheroes ( batman , superman , spawn ) , or geared toward kids ( casper ) or the arthouse crowd ( ghost world ) , but there's never really been a comic book like from hell before . for starters , it was created by alan moore ( and eddie campbell ) , who brought the medium to a whole new level in the mid '80s with a 12-part series called the watchmen . to say moore and campbell thoroughly researched the subject of jack the ripper would be like saying michael jackson is starting to look a little odd . the book ( or " graphic novel , " if you will ) is over 500 pages long and includes nearly 30 more that consist of nothing but footnotes . in other words , don't dismiss this film because of its source . if you can get past the whole comic book thing , you might find another stumbling block in from hell's directors , albert and allen hughes . getting the hughes brothers to direct this seems almost as ludicrous as casting carrot top in , well , anything , but riddle me this : who better to direct a film that's set in the ghetto and features really violent street crime than the mad geniuses behind menace ii society ? the ghetto in question is , of course , whitechapel in 1888 london's east end . it's a filthy , sooty place where the whores ( called " unfortunates " ) are starting to get a little nervous about this mysterious psychopath who has been carving through their profession with surgical precision . when the first stiff turns up , copper peter godley ( robbie coltrane , the world is not enough ) calls in inspector frederick abberline ( johnny depp , blow ) to crack the case . abberline , a widower , has prophetic dreams he unsuccessfully tries to quell with copious amounts of absinthe and opium . upon arriving in whitechapel , he befriends an unfortunate named mary kelly ( heather graham , say it isn't so ) and proceeds to investigate the horribly gruesome crimes that even the police surgeon can't stomach . i don't think anyone needs to be briefed on jack the ripper , so i won't go into the particulars here , other than to say moore and campbell have a unique and interesting theory about both the identity of the killer and the reasons he chooses to slay . in the comic , they don't bother cloaking the identity of the ripper , but screenwriters terry hayes ( vertical limit ) and rafael yglesias ( les misérables ) do a good job of keeping him hidden from viewers until the very end . it's funny to watch the locals blindly point the finger of blame at jews and indians because , after all , an englishman could never be capable of committing such ghastly acts . and from hell's ending had me whistling the stonecutters song from the simpsons for days ( " who holds back the electric car/who made steve guttenberg a star ? " ) . don't worry - it'll all make sense when you see it . now onto from hell's appearance : it's certainly dark and bleak enough , and it's surprising to see how much more it looks like a tim burton film than planet of the apes did ( at times , it seems like sleepy hollow 2 ) . the print i saw wasn't completely finished ( both color and music had not been finalized , so no comments about marilyn manson ) , but cinematographer peter deming ( don't say a word ) ably captures the dreariness of victorian-era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black-and-white comic . oscar winner martin childs' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place . even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent . ians holm ( joe gould's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatians ) log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham . i cringed the first time she opened her mouth , imagining her attempt at an irish accent , but it actually wasn't half bad . the film , however , is all good . 2 : 00 - r for strong violence/gore , sexuality , language and drug content 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : odeon ( liverpool city centre ) released in the uk by entertainment distribution on april 21 , 2000 ; certificate 18 ; 101 minutes ; countries of origin canada/usa ; aspect ratio 2 . 35 : 1 directed by mary harron ; produced by chris hanley , edward r . pressman , christian halsley solomon . written by mary harron , guinevere turner ; based on the novel by bret easton ellis . photographed by andrjez sekula ; edited by andrew marcus . patrick bateman is someone tom wolfe might have come up with if he had written his books on acid . he's an arrogant suit from wall street obsessed with physical fitness , facial care products , designer clothing and expensive restaurants . and scoring cocaine . and misogyny . oh , and he likes to mutilate people , and play around with their guts , too . the character is the creation of bret easton ellis , whose 1991 novel " american psycho " was set amid the manhattan yuppie scene of the late 1980s . the book was twisted , but it needed to be , because it had extreme things to say . ellis saw the widespread obsessive egoism and greed of the me decade as dangerously sick , and his vision of its potential to produce vicious murderers makes a fair amount of sense . after all , any idiotic businessmen who made enough bucks could follow their every impulse and shit on whomever they wanted to , and their attitude was championed as fashionable . now " american psycho " is a film directed by mary harron , with christian bale in the lead role . as in the source material , bateman divides his time between working out , making lunch appointments , sitting around in his office and butchering fellow new yorkers . onscreen we see him stabbing a homeless man and a female acquaintance , decapitating a hooker with a chainsaw , blowing up a crowd of cops , chopping up one of his colleagues with an axe and telling us about numerous other crimes . even when a private detective ( willem dafoe ) starts investigating the disappearances , though , bateman never comes close to being caught . why would anyone suspect a 'normal' , standard , efficient young capitalist earner of criminal activity ? the killings in the story hammer home in a jarring manner the message of how inhuman bateman and his ilk are ; although his chums don't kill people or know that he's doing so , they do share his level of detachment from decent values . most of the film illustrates this through black humour . in one scene , for example , a group of men use their business cards for a vanity contest , comparing them like cowboys showing off the sizes of their guns . the problem with the comedy in the film is that harron doesn't trust the material to be intrinsically funny , and has her actors deliver lines in broad , goofy tones , making clear they're in on the joke . that doesn't prevent us from laughing , but it does affect the satirical power of many moments -- we giggle mainly because the characters are talking in a preposterous manner , rather than because they're saying preposterous things . since almost every scene is performed in this silly way , the film is nowhere near as intense as the novel . if we laugh at the characters' paper-thin morals , that's the extent of our reaction ; harron doesn't let us give them enough thought to also be appalled by them . you could take the murders out of her " american psycho " and it would be the same movie -- its purpose is to merely point at the vacant pomposity of the male yuppie , and ridicule it . still , on that level the movie works well . although it is a missed opportunity ( ellis's angry expression of the madness of the situation was more affecting ) , it is at least an entertaining deflation of white-collar stuffed shirts , and those guys can be the most despicable of people . i see them all the time in bars and restaurants , thinking their suits make them mature , arrogantly raising their voices , telling stupid childish jokes to each other , rambling in stockbroker jargon that they think impresses onlookers . and now , whenever that happens , i can smile to myself that someone else in the vicinity will have probably seen this movie , and will be laughing inside at what morons it shows them to be . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantgani please visit , and encourage others to visit , the uk critic's website , which is located at http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
if the current trends of hollywood filmmaking continue , we are probably five or six years away from the moment when the 1980s would become the next golden age of movie nostalgia . although some hollywood products already use the last decade as a background for their stories ( mostly in ironic way , like grosse pointe blank and romy & michelle's high school reunion ) , some time should pass before the good memories of that era overcome the bad ones . until that happens , 1980s would be remembered as the decade of greed , when the revolutionary ideals of 1960s turned into its cruel , materialistic opposite and the money became the only thing that matters . contemporary movies are good in illustrating what was bad for the people who had to live in those times . one of such movies , one that probably brings the essence of 1980s to the screen , is william friedkin's to live and die in l . a . the money isn't just the symbolic motive in the film , it is the major elements of the plot . rick masters ( willem dafoe ) is an ex-convict who used his artistic abilities in order to become one of the best counterfeiters in l . a . being too intelligent to fall into police traps , and ruthless enough to eliminate anybody or anything that could jeopardise his career , masters managed to elude law for years and became well- connected . richard chance ( william l . petersen ) is a secret service agent , adrenaline junkie whose life gets new meaning after his partner got killed by masters . however , his plans of bringing the counterfeiter down meet one obstacle after another . finally he sets up a final sting , but his superiors deny him the necessary money . being frustrated , and against the reluctance of his new partner john vukovich ( bill pankow ) , he decides to get the money by robbing underworld courier . their plan backfires with almost tragic consequences when their target turns out to be undercover fbi agent , but chance decides to carry out his scheme anyway . like french connection , one of his previous masterpieces , this friedkin's movie was inspired by real life . gerrald petievich , author of the novel that later served as basis for his screenplay , spent many years working as a secret service agent . that turned to be useful for the portrayal of that law enforcement agency , not much utilised by hollywood . secret service millieu was also cleverly used in order to bring the viewer into the decade of greed ; the beginning scene where the movie's hero works as a part of presidential security detail is a nice opportunity to hear reagan's speech that could illustrate the political and economical notions of those times . ultramaterialistic and egotistical view of the world is shared by almost any character in the movie . willem dafoe brilliantly portrays dangerous and intelligent psychopath , whose ruthlessness and lack of any moral fibber doesn't seem like affliction in the reagan years ; on the contrary , those qualities actually makes masters socially acceptable . compared with him , and all the other side characters that want their " piece of the action " , two heroes on the side of law seem like losers . instead of being a classical good guy , secret service agent richard chance ( portrayed by william petersen in his most impressive role so far ) is nothing more than a lunatic whose adrenaline addiction and madness work against his better judgement ; his sidekick , who should serve as those " better judgement " is a weakling and sentimental fool that gets suckered in the end . in such surroundings of moral decay , the not so happy , yet surprising ending doesn't seem out of line ( although the very last shot leaves too much questions unanswered ) . the dark atmosphere of l . a . - city of glamour and moral decay - is nicely captured by william friedkin's directing skills . the tight and realistic scripts with memorable characters ( portrayed by such capable actors like john turturro , dean stockwell , debra feuer , darlanne fleugel and steve james ) gave opportunity for friedkin to use another gimmick that made him famous in his 1971 masterpiece - great car chase . that scene alone , with lot of realism , thrills and surprise twists , is worth seeing the rest of the film . the soundtrack , provided by now almost forgotten band " wang chung " , is also one of the more memorable of that decade . in every case , to live and die in l . a . is one of the rare movies in which hollywood actually tries to tell some unflattering truths about the world and succeeds in it . 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : cornerhouse ( manchester ) released in the uk by uip on january 28 , 2000 ; certificate 15 ; 109 minutes ; country of origin uk ; aspect ratio 2 . 35 : 1 directed by michael winterbottom ; produced by michelle camarda . written by laurence cordiat . photographed by sean bobbitt ; edited by trevor waite . there is a school of thought that believes striving for reality in art is not a worthwhile pursuit . i've never understood why ; we live in reality , we connect with it , it's exciting . think of all the types of situations you find yourself in every week -- there'll always be some forms of happiness , sadness , expectation , disappointment , serenity , tumult , calm and anger . life , to use a horrible cliché , dear friends , is an emotional roller coaster ! " wonderland " is glorious proof of that , a film of scruffy beauty and spellbinding power , which seems constructed to capture the appeal of eavesdropping . that pastime is involving , of course , because of our instinctive fascination with humanity ; this movie uses the same hook , diving into the lives of several londoners , all of whom are connected by family ties , but are at different stages of their lives and have different occupations . nadia ( gina mckee ) is an attractive but lonely waitress , who places a lot of personal ads but allows herself to get upset every time she goes on a date . one of her sisters , molly ( molly parker ) , is married and pregnant ; the other , debbie ( shirley henderson ) , is raising her son alone . their parents are eileen ( kika markham ) and bill ( jack shepherd ) , two pathetically unhappy people who mope around the house , and occasionally cringe ; because of barking dogs , broken appliances , boredom or simple fear of leaving the house . we also meet up with partners and ex-partners , friends , acquaintances , neighbours , estranged relatives , colleagues . . . " wonderland " never announces itself as a definite study of anything in particular , which gives it the freedom to roam around , to spy on whomever's interesting . the director , michael winterbottom , shoots everything in a grainy , hand-held , almost camcorder style which makes events seem imparted to us from the inside out , rather than staged and shot . it's as if invisible camera crews had been ceaselessly exploring london . it's essential to the sense that we're watching real people who aren't aware of our presence . this could have come across as solemn and grimy , like any of those pathetic tv documentaries that follow losers around their places of work and play . but in between the quiet , sober scenes are astounding sequences where the camera submerges in neon light , the editing plays around with cutting and speed , and michael nyman's grand score soars on the soundtrack . the whole movie uses london as a backdrop , letting us unconsciously absorb it ; these grand musical moments explicitly rejoice in the city's strange beauty , and announce that the film is not scrutinising life , but gazing at it in wonderment . so music is an important tone-setter in " wonderland " -- but it's always kept for these side-moments , and never interferes with the drama . scenes do not follow typical hollywood constructions ; there isn't a little climax every five minutes , characters don't subtly recap their situations to each other to let the audience know what's going on . everything plays out at a realistic pace , and we get our bearings by picking up on mood , tone , emotions . winterbottom , his actors , and even his extras , have a knack for capturing the way conversational rhythms actually do sound -- in homes , hairdressers' shops and pubs ; on dates , the phone , and everywhere else the story goes . and that is why this beautiful film has been made . it is a devoted record of modern human behaviour . i dreaded that there would be some hugely inappropriate surprise plot development near the ending , but no -- winterbottom and screenwriter laurence cordiat know that most of us don't end a typical weekend by stumbling into life-changing experiences . " wonderland " is such an acute observance of people that it makes us confront our essential feelings about our fellow man . and to any foreigners out there , wondering what it's like to be in britain -- just take a look at this movie . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantganiplease visit , and encourage others to visit , the uk critic's website , which is located at http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
as antiquated as the formula is , i'm surprised hollywood keeps it around : wife cheats on abusive spouse and , instead of leaving him , convinces her lover to kill him so they can be together and get all his money . or , roles can be switched and jealous husband can be the one doing the plotting . as is the case with murder , nicely conceived and gamely acted . douglas plays a businessman , steven taylor . his business is about to go bankrupt . his wife , emily ( paltrow ) , is having an affair with a painter across town , named david ( the expressionless mortensen ) . they plan to let steven in on it - she more than he : " it's not fair to him " . but , steven is no dupe . though , how he knows , or even suspects , enough to have the two photographed during an afternoon rendezvous , is never explained . standard stuff . but , the movie has smart , thinking individuals . like douglas , who has his plan to do away with his wife down to how and why to do what with keys . and , mortensen - a scamster - who agrees to do the " wet work " , but has plans , also . every detail of the murder plot , and the complications that inevitably arise , seems to be coherent and logical , and it's kind of fun watching the genre played out intelligently for once . i liked someof the physical acting between paltrow and mortensen , as during an art exhibition where he sees her , starts walking toward her and she inconspicuously waves him off . then , once they've met in the corner , and douglas comes upon them , they act completely natural and never give any sort of nervous reaction that maybe he knows . and i liked the way douglas seemed to have everything figured out , and together . he's able to verbally explain his motives with well- chosen words . i like dialogue where people come at the subject of discussion from not just one angle , but think a situation through , think about every possibility . murder has that kind of banter . i just wish the film had been about more . i kept waiting for it to ask questions movies like this never ask . for instance , why does the paltrow character keep saying it's not fair to her husband to keep her affair a secret ? as if she's concerned about how he feels . i'm wondering why she would've had the affair in the first place , and not worry about how it may or may not affect him , and why it would only hit her a good ways into the affair to at least let him know about it . does she love her husband ? people don't usually get married otherwise , right ? and if she does love him , how much or how little that she can't try and work things out ? or , _has_ she tried ? does she care about whether or not she has hurt him , or that she'll hurt him again ? steven doesn't seem like such a bad guy ( of course , he _is_ , but that's only later on ) . he's rich . he likes being rich , gives him a certain air of superiority ( at one point he tells paltrow which dress to wear - so , you know he's a real creep ) . maybe he makes her feel small , and insecure , but has it always been that way ? how did it _get_ that way ? also , there's no tangible chemistry between paltrow and mortensen , furthering my question into why-is-she-with-either- man territory . the same goes for douglas' character . he has multiple reasons for wanting his wife dead , not just the obvious ( which , come to think , isn't really a reason at all , considering what he's most worried with ) . but , why is he married to her ? it's an inconsequential line of inquiry in the end , i guess , but wouldn't answering such questions - or even addressing them - give the film a little more dramatic depth ? of course , that would make a longer movie . but hey , attention spans do exist . and why , oh why , do they have to revert to a violent ending ? i saw a movie once called , i believe , lady beware . it starred diane lane . the storyline wasn't quite the same , but it , too , could have ended in a violent way . instead , it chose a more subtle approach that was much , much more effective . a perfect murder deserved one of those , because it has a lot going for it already . -r- 
 truman ( " true-man " ) burbank is the perfect name for jim carrey's character in this film . president truman was an unassuming man who became known worldwide , in spite of ( or was it because of ) his stature . " truman " also recalls an era of plenty following a grim war , an era when planned communities built by government scientists promised an idyllic life for americans . and burbank , california , brings to mind the tonight show and the home of nbc . if hollywood is the center of the film world , burbank is , or was , the center of tv's world , the world where our protagonist lives . combine all these names and concepts into " truman burbank , " and you get something that well describes him and his artificial world . truman leads the perfect life . his town , his car , and his wife are picture perfect . his idea of reality comes under attack one day when a studio light falls from the sky . the radio explains that an overflying airplane started coming apart . . . but then why would an airplane be carrying a studio light ? the next day during the drive to work , the radio jams and he starts picking up a voice that exactly describes his movements . he is so distracted that he nearly hits a pedestrian . when the radio comes back to normal , the announcer warns listeners to drive carefully . his suspicion aroused , he wanders around the town square looking for other oddities . the world appears to be functioning properly until he enters an office building and tries to take the elevator . the elevator doors open up on a small lounge with people on coffee breaks . a grip sees truman him and quickly moves a paneled door , made to look like the back of an elevator , into place . two security guards grab him and throw him out . truman is really suspicious now . it gets even worse the next day when his wife , a nurse , describes an elevator accident in the building where he saw the lounge . " it's best not to think about it , " she says , trying vainly to change truman's memory . truman becomes determined to see who or what is behind this apparently elaborate hoax at his expense . at every turn he is stopped by an amazing coincidence that just happens to keep him in his own little town . his last hope is to quell his fear of the ocean and sail to the edge of the world . you know by now that truman's life is the subject of a television program . his actions are " real " but everything else is carefully scripted , from the death of his father to the choice of his wife . truman is determined to find out what the big hoax is . meanwhile , christof , the all-seeing creator of truman's world does his best to keep him unaware and happy . it's sort of like westworld told from the robots' point of view , or jurassic park from the dinosaurs' point of view . we root for the captive of the cage-world . our protagonist is counting on " chaos theory " to help him escape his elaborate trap . the story , written by andrew niccol ( writer/director of gattaca ) , introduces some interesting questions , such as the ethics of subjecting a person to this type of life , or the psychological impact of learning that your entire life has all been fake . although these questions came to mind , i don't think the film itself asked them . it certainly didn't address them or try to answer them . i was particularly disappointed that the film didn't deal more with the trauma of learning one's life is a tv show . carrey's performance at the end showed a smidgen of truman's pain , but i almost felt that he got over it too easily for the sake of the film's pacing . earlier in the movie i found myself wondering if it would be better for truman to find out the truth or whether i should root for him to be well . the two seemed exclusive of one another , but weir and niccol didn't see it that way . perhaps it's not fair to criticize a movie for what it isn't , but it seems like there were some missed opportunities here . but on its own terms , the movie is well made . sight , sound and pacing are all handled competently . much of the first part of the movie is the truman show . the scenes are all apparently shot from hidden cameras , with snoots and obstructions covering the corners of the screen . one hidden camera is apparently in his car radio , the green led numbers obscuring the lower part of the screen . the music is well-chosen and scored . the film opens with what sounds like family drama theme music , when truman's world is still beautiful and perfect . when the movie ends , the score sounds more like a frantic , driven , tangerine dream opus , while still keeping the same timbre . philip glass' epic music ( from powaqqatsi ) permeates truman's scenes of suspicion and awakening . ( glass has a small cameo as a keyboardist for the show . ) and the pacing of the story was brisk . there was no unnecessarily long setup explaining the concept behind the truman show , just a few quick title cards , a few interviews , and then right into the show , and the movie . one of the first scenes is of the studio light falling ; there was no token scene of truman's idyllic life before it falls apart , because it wasn't necessary , we pick up the story at the first sign of trouble , and no sooner . there's also no point in the movie where the plot slows down . it's a quick , straight shot to the movie's end . in terms of overall quality , i would compare the truman show to niccol's gattaca . both films are well made with interesting stories set in interesting worlds . but neither film really felt like it capitalized on all the great ideas ; neither film " clicked " and became an instant classic . nevertheless , i look forward to niccol's next film , whatever it may be . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member athan bezaitis . you can find the review with full credits at http : //www . filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/997038ef028e021d882568b20015019d ? opendocument at more than one point in his career , paul newman has been the ultimate con man . the sting , butch cassidy and the sundance kid , cool hand luke , the hustler , and the color of money all epitomized this master of smooth talk and wily ways . but the successes of all of his past films and all of their cons have one common denominator : a memorable and talented supporting cast . in the hustler , jackie gleason played minnesota fats , who proved to be a worthy nemesis by outsmarting the cocky and more talented newman . tom cruise , in the color of money , was like an apprentice learning from the master sorcerer , as newman molded cruise into an effigy of his old self . while newman always emerged the star , he would continually share the spotlight , so that none of those movies became one-dimensional . newman's latest film , where the money is , directed by marek kanievska ( less than zero ) , unfortunately lacks the supporting cast for newman to thrive as the luminary " hustler . " in the film , newman plays henry manning , a former bank robber who plans to break out of prison by faking a stroke . when he is transferred to a minimum-security nursing home , he thinks he's home free . however , the woman assigned to take care of him , carol ann mckay ( linda fiorentino - men in black ) suspects that he's a fake and attempts to lure him out of his trance so he will help her in a burglary with her and her husband wayne ( dermot mulroney - copycat , my best friend's wedding ) . she goes to some outrageous lengths to keep him from playing possum , but when she finally awakes the bank robbing legend , she faces a challenge that could change her life . nothing against linda fiorentino , who does a fine job in this movie , but she has no extraordinary talents that allow her to become a stand-out criminal worthy of newman's tutelage . also , her husband wayne proves to be a clumsy ox despite his prowess on the football field and the " cool head " that his wife constantly brags about . as newman states in one of his first lines , " it's amateur hour , " and unfortunately this is the sad truth for this movie . though the far-fetched plot and lack of support diminish newman's shining star , the movie isn't a complete failure . it offers some good laughs and a few vintage newman moments , like his dance with fiorentino , where he manages to change her life in one song and a two-step . 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : odeon ( liverpool city centre ) released in the uk by warner bros on march 3 , 2000 ; certificate 15 ; 115 minutes ; country of origin usa ; aspect ratio 2 . 35 : 1 directed by david o . russell ; produced by edward l . mcdonnell , charles roven , paul junger witt . written by david o . russell ; from a story by john ridley . photographed by newton thomas sigel ; edited by robert k . lambert . david o . russell's " three kings " is the first war movie i have seen that takes the camera into an imaginary bullet wound to show it filling up with bile . what's more , the moment seems perfectly normal in the context of the film . this is a fast-talking , cheerfully deranged depiction of army intervention in iraq , which plays with style , structure and tone in the dangerously excited manner of a fire-eating juggler . the story takes place in 1991 , just after the end of the gulf war . in a camp of american soldiers who are rounding up prisoners and waiting to go home , major archie gates ( george clooney ) discovers an " ass map " -- a treasure map , that is , found between a captive's butt cheeks . gates orders a goofy hillbilly , private conrad vig ( spike jonze ) , to take it out . " can't i have a glove , sir ? " he asks . " no , " gates replies , " that's how the chain of command works . " gates and vig consult two reliable young comrades , muscle-bound family man sergeant troy barlow ( mark wahlberg ) and firm , shrewd staff sergeant chief elgin ( ice cube ) . together the quintet deduce the location of the loot to be an iraqi army bunker near cordoba , and guess that it will be several million dollars worth of kuwaiti gold bullion . their plan : to steal it . if they get caught : they'll say they were on a legitimate mission to rescue their allies' property from the enemy . since we never see movie characters plan heists and then follow them through without a hitch , we know this scheme will somehow go wrong . our heroes' obstacle comes when they're about to leave the village in which the gold-filled bunker is situated . iraqi guards are making clear they plan to harm civilians , and it would be wrong to leave them to do so . there is a scene of agonising effectiveness here , as the action goes into slow motion to mark the cease-fire's dissolution into chaos . a mother is shot in full view of her husband and children . soldiers resume fighting . watching this at a delayed pace accentuates the tension , the horror , and the reality of each bullet , and all we can do is sit there , watching , feeling helpless . of course , that's all the american soldiers can do for most of the time . george bush may have urged iraqi citizens to rise up against saddam hussein's evil regime , but he's not letting his troops help them , because the gulf war wasn't about liberating people , and was fought to make sure kuwait could keep supplying oil to the western world . most people already realise and are resigned to that , but " three kings " angrily indicts bush for it , with a second half that is dramatic and political . the film surrounds gates , vig , barlow and elgin with hypocrisy and devastation as they attempt to get back to their base , fight off hostile fire , save the lives of refugees and salvage some bullion . that's a little anticlimactic , as the opening chapters are full of brilliantly crude slapstick satire , and at times thereafter the film becomes inappropriately slowed down when accommodating its serious stuff . russell , who wrote and directed , should have found some way to blend the different elements in less jarring fashion . it is creative to follow an elaborate practical gag about pretending to be saddam with realistic footage of refugee orphans , but it isn't necessarily wise , because it means the audience is still laughing when we should be settling down for sober thought . what " three kings " conveys brilliantly , throughout everything light and heavy , is the utter confusion of war -- in the opening words ( " are we still shooting ? " ) , the disorganisation of the u . s . forces' barracks , and the mad dash to safety the film spends most of its time on . we can decipher what's going on during immediate moments , but the general experience is intentionally perplexing and dizzying . ambiguous individual point of view shots contribute to this , as does unstable , screw-loose pacing . newton thomas sigel's cinematography is the most crucial element in putting us in the middle of the unpredictability . in the tradition of a lot of recent hollywood war dramas , it's shaky and grainy , but its underdeveloped film stock is a much more original touch , making the frame extremely sensitive to light . there are huge contrast changes all the time , and the film seems to be reacting to situations , and seeing images , rather than creating them . the four main actors work subtle wonders , too , performing in ways that balance each other's efforts nicely . clooney has authoritative star power ; jonze , who has also done good work as a director , is pleasing in what is essentially a jester role ; wahlberg is charming and boyish ; cube reassures us that there's someone sensible in this motley crew . as of yet , the only other theatrical motion picture dealing with the gulf war has been edward zwick's " courage under fire " , from 1996 . so it's amazing , when you think about it , that russell has so soon found the courage to make a bizarre comedic commentary on the subject . shame on warner bros for marketing it as a dumb action flick , in ads that juxtapose serious-sounding lines with explosions . they're shooting themselves in the foot , as fans of that sort of thing will be put off when they learn what the movie is actually about , and most other people will the alienated by the commercials . " three kings " deserves better treatment -- uneven patches notwithstanding , it's original , powerful , and very unexpected . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantganiplease visit , and encourage others to visit , the uk critic's website , which is located at http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
in trying to give proper praise to american pie , the drop-dead funniest film of 1999 , i compare it to other recent teen comedies , like can¹t hardly wait and she¹s all that . movies which have zero ambition , go for the cheap , easy laugh and nothing more , and dare not delve into the intricacies of what adolescent sexual confusion might actually entail . movies concerned with plot contrivance ( will the geeky guy get the prom queen ; will the girl be able to figure out a devious bet against her , in time to fall in love ) , and nothing that has to do with real life . american pie puts them right in their place , with honesty and unparalleled situational humor - embarrassing and rude as it may be . simply put , this movie rocks . not about anything in particular , pie focuses on a group of high school guys who , three weeks before graduation , vow to lose their virginity as of prom night , out of dignity if nothing else ; because , " it¹s tradition . like the rose bowl . " oz ( or nova , played by a marvelous chris klein ) starts off the cliché misogynist pig jock , but then joins the school choir , in hopes of wooing the pretty heather ( mena suvari ) , only to realize his sensitive side . kevin ( thomas ian nicholas ) already has a girlfriend , vicky ( the sexy tara reid ) , but she¹s holding out for just the right time to consummate their relationship ; " it¹s not a space shuttle launch . it¹s sex " š love that line . jim ( a break-through jason biggs ) has a slight crush on foreign exchange student nadia , but faces more complicated issues with masturbation , mainly on the homefront , to wonderful comic result ; the uncomfortable discussions with his father ( a sly eugene levy ) , about the birds and bees , are perfect gems of comic timing . will they succeed in getting laid ? no matter . what makes american pie great is its intrinsic sweetness . even the narrow-minded stifler ( seann w . scott ) , who accidentally drinks " pale ale " , has a core of innocence ­ albeit , buried far beneath an abrasive exterior . perverted and lewd , at times , the film remains not mean or bitter in the least . you want these guys and girls to find happiness , or as much as one can reasonably expect to find at that age . every character is thoroughly likeable , which is kind of rare in a film like this . i think , again , back to can¹t hardly wait , from earlier this year , in which just about every one of the characters was immature and selfish , and compare it to american pie , full of real and genuine people experiencing more truthful trials of growing up . there isn¹t a comparison to be made , really . i like the way kevin goes the distance to please vicky , and their exploration of sexual satisfaction ; you don¹t see many teen comedies where both the male and female party concentrates respective attention on the other¹s personal gratification . i also found oz¹s slow progression into true romantic kind of endearing . and , not to be overlooked , is the film¹s overt raunch . i laughed my ass off during finche¹s ( eddie kay thomas ) bout with uncontrollable diarrhea in the girl¹s bathroom . jim copulating with the titular centerpiece comes in a close second . and , i especially love alyson hannigan¹s ( doing her willow bit ) band dork , who gets the two biggest guffaws during the concluding post-prom party . the film originally garnered an nc-17 rating for its full-bore graphic content , but all that does is minimize the heart of american pie - a true-blue coming of age tale . the script , by adam herz , is audacious and perceptive , while at the same time smart and sophisticated and surprisingly gentle . the actors are amicable and seem to be having a good time . if the movie falters , it¹s by ending on such a feel-good note . by then , it makes no real difference , however , as american pie has proved itself a raucous hit . go ! 
quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is betrayed by a dragon early in the movie . he runs into the last dragon in existence , and there is a genuinely amusing battle between the two which results in a standoff where quaid is in the dragons mouth , but has his sword pointed at the dragons brain . eventually , they decide to call a truce , and they work out a deal . since he is the last dragon , he will pretend to die and quaid will be able to get paid for it . 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member robert strohmeyer . you can find the review with full credits at http : //filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/7bdd22b907aeefa0882569690006544d ? opendocument few things simultaneously sicken and seduce the feminist spirit in quite as thorough a way as an american beauty pageant . now an inextricable fixture on our cultural landscape , the pageant defines , glorifies , and objectifies woman as a prescription for all time . an evening spent watching the miss america proceedings on tv is like a psychosexual time warp , dragging us back to a kinder , simpler time when the female of the species need not worry itself over difficult issues like voting or wearing shoes . so it was not without a sense of irony that i walked down the cinema for a screening sally field's beautiful . irony is the central force of field's representative pageantry , and in the tradition of drop dead gorgeous , it is no disappointment . but this is also a human story , about women in search of identity and belonging . mona ( minnie driver ) is a dubious beauty queen , having spent her entire life contesting--against all reason and likelihood--for the crown of miss american miss . though not graced with especially striking looks from the outset , and born into a household that makes hee haw look glamorous , mona's years of determination and artificiality are finally paying off . she has become miss illinois . now , if she can keep her false persona straight , she stands a chance of winning the crown . and if it weren't for the untimely suicide of her best friend's convalescent patient and the disqualifying existence of her 7-year-old daughter ( played by hallie kate eisenberg , that annoying little girl from the pepsi commercials ) , victory might be simple . fortunately for moviegoers , life is not so simple . but equally unfortunately , much of this tale's delivery is bogged down by an incongruous sense of vision . at the story's outset , it is compelling and funny . young mona is precocious and endearing as she struggles to grow up and prove her self worth in the shadow of her alcoholic mother . her drive to win beauty pageants is a believable compulsion , though fraught with ridiculous overtones . but , by the time driver steps in to play the role , mona has become little more than a caricature . she is absurd and unloving , one-dimensional in her desire to win pageants and incapable of basic human emotion . this lack of humanity makes the character fundamentally boring to watch , in spite of driver's obvious talent . eisenberg , however , is--though i so hate to admit it--quite good in her role as the young vanessa ( except for the argument scenes , in which her shrill screaming was more deafening than interesting ) . once we've made it through the long , irritating period of watching how far mona's personality has degenerated , eisenberg's performance as the story's conscience-bearer is a much-needed refreshment . too quickly , though , does this spiral into an uncontrollable finale of cheesy feminist messages . sally field's direction is , for the most part , above par . but this film is disappointingly short on substance . in the end , mothers and daughters may bond over many of the movie's funnier , heartwarming scenes , but most moviegoers will do well to wait for the dvd . 
walking into " ready to rumble " , the new film from hollywood's biggest goofball , david arquette ( " scream " , those annoying 1-800-call-att commercials ) , i figured there were two possibilities for this movie . it was going to be stupid , the previews had already given that much away . the question now , was whether it was going to be the sort of stupid which you can't help but chuckle at , or the just plain moronic kind . it turns out that the movie has a little of both . while there are a lot of faults , there are also one or two really funny scenes and a few others you can't help but find amusing no matter how low brow they might be . however , the film's biggest problem is the premise itself . how can one make a movie that pokes fun at professional wrestling when wrestling already pokes fun at itself ? gordie ( david arquette ) and sean ( scott caan ) have only one great love in their lives . this all consuming passion is professional wrestling , and specifically worship for their idol , jimmy " the king " king ( oliver platt ) . they have just obtained tickets to the latest match between the king and diamond dallas page ( page falkinburg ) . they are horrified to find that king's manager , titus sinclair ( joe pantoliano ) , has rigged the match so that king will not only lose , but will be ejected from the wrestling circuit forever . now gordie and sean have only one purpose in life : to get the king his crown back . however , they soon discover that their idol may not be all they thought he was , and professional wrestling may be * gasp * fake afterall ! when i said there are one or two really funny scenes in this movie i wasn't kidding . fortunately , there are enough mildly amusing scenes to make up for this . the interesting thing is that , the best part of this movie isn't the comedy , it's the massive wrestling match at the film's end . the problem with this is that it's a long , and at times very dull , trip to that payoff . another problem is that while the majority of the jokes may fall flat , at least the actors are trying their best to pull something out of them . however , at other times the movie seems to be trying to convey some message about wrestlers and their fans and this not only doesn't work , but seriously detracts from the rest of the film . i suppose this is because anything serious seems completely out of place in a movie this goofy . as for the actors , i've never really cared for david arquette . he may have been somewhat entertaining in the " scream " films , but i think this is because wes craven kept him tightly reined in . otherwise , he has a tendancy to overact to the point where the audience expects him to rip out of the screen and start bouncing off the walls . scott caan ( " boiler room " , " black and white " ) hasn't appeared in much till now , but he turns in a remarkably restrained performance considering his co-star . as for oliver platt ( " lake placid " ) , whom i consider one of the better comic actors working in hollywood , he is woefully miscast as a professional wrestler . the problem is , platt is not particularly tall , rather overweight , and about as vicious looking as a small dog . being surrounded by real wrestlers , like bill goldberg throughout the movie , only makes him look more ridiculous in this role . " ready to rumble " has a typical soundtrack for this type of movie . it's filled with popular alternative music , and it was certainly a welcome change from the constant rap soundtracks i've been hearing lately . brian robbins ( " varsity blues " ) doesn't exactly seem to be directing this movie . he simply seems to be allowing the actors to do whatever they feel like to try and get a laugh out of stephen brill's ( " the mighty ducks " ) rather weak script . i'm not sure if this was a good idea , but keeping david arquette under control certainly couldn't have hurt the film . " ready to rumble " runs far too long at 122 minutes , and should have been no more than 95 . i'd recommend " ready to rumble " to wrestling fans since they will most likely recognize a few familiar faces and give it three out of five stars . comments ? feel free to e-mail them to : johnbeachem@dependentfilms . net for past reviews , movie news , and other fun stuff , visit : http : //www . dependentfilms . net * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick , try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad , see it only if you have nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever made . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
starring liam neeson , ewan mcgregor , jake lloyd , natalie portman , samuel l . jackson . rated pg . the event of events is upon us . people have waited twenty-two years for the prequel to star wars and die-hard fans have been camping out at theaters for months to get tickets to see it . i don't think that america will ever actually recover from what this hurricane of a film has caused . it is not a bit of an exaggeration to say that this is the most highly anticipated movie in history . anyone who tells you " it's just a movie " is either lying or clueless . it is clearly obvious that after the waiting and the hype actually seeing the movie will be anticlimactic . the second coming of the lord could not live up to the kind of buzz ( which is far too weak a word ) that star wars epsode i : the phantom menace so effortlessly generated . but that does not mean that the film itself is bad . in fact , it is terrific . i strongly suspect that many of the people who were dissappointed by it have simply surrendered to the media machine and the inevitable backlash . it is set some decades before the events of the original 1977 star wars took place . the film focuses on the fledgling republic of planets and the conflict that is raging : the trade federation , angry at some tax raise that was recently put in place has invaded the small , peaceful planet of naboo . the republic sent two jedi knights ( people that can actively communicate with what is affectionately known as " the force " ) , qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) and obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) to negotiate . unable to stop the tide of events that was about to occur , the jedi and the queen of naboo ( natalie portman ) escape naboo and head for coruscant to try and get the republic senate to intervene . on the way they get sidetracked to a planet called tatooine , where they meet the movie's real focal point , young anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd ) . he is an innocent slave boy , but " the force is strong with him " so qui- gon is determined to take him with them to the jedi counsel and get him trained as a jedi . as any self-respecting star wars fan should know , anakin will grow up to be darth vader and give birth to luke skywalker . from the beginning it is evident that this is not an actor's movie . around 70% of the characters , if not more , are computer generated in one form or another , and though the effects are seamless , the movie lacks soul . i think that although the computer has played an incredibly instrumental part in moviemaking this decade , cinema should still be a human art and the phantom menace nearly defies this . this is the lightest installment in the star wars saga thus far , with plenty of broad comic relief to go around , much of it courtesy of an irritating knew character named jar-jar binks . he's essentially a computer-animated sidekick who says things like " exqueeze me ? " and " mesa go now , okeday ? " , and although it is often amusing it is also inherently annoying . the visual effects are astounding ( although director george lucas often chickens out by cutting away from them ) and the movie is a thrilling triumph . if it lacks in plot and in acting it makes up for it through imagination and excitement . the climactic lightsaber battle ( oh , come on , as if you didn't already know ) , among other things , is outrageously entertaining and defines the term " popcorn movie " . what made me surrender and give this movie  stars was the score by john williams . even though it does seem like the man scores every single movie that comes out these days , his work here is nothing short of brilliant . his use of opera during the climax really does add a punch and his ingenious way of utilizing the imperial march as a sort of prophecy is chilling . the phantom menace is probably most effective as pop nostalgia . when you see " a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away " , when the familiar music plays , when the words " star wars " appear on screen , you'll feel a tingle even if you didn't see the movie when it first came out in '77 . it feels oddly exciting to be introduced to young anakin , a boy whose innocence , we know , will be taken away and who will soon cross over to the dark side . it is the perfect example of dramatic irony to see the jedi masters aspire to get him trained in the jedi arts ; we know that it will do more harm than good , but they do not . we not only feel more involved in the story , but we feel like we're seeing the beginning of a saga that we have cherished for years . the phantom menace , although lacking in human aspects of the story , is a very worthy installment in the star wars . it works as an action flick , visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting ; it also works as an elicitor of memories , a piece of exquisite nostalgia . ©1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; --== sent via deja . com http : //www . deja . com/ ==-- ---share what you know . learn what you don't . --- 
with stars like sigourney weaver ( " alien " trilogy ) and academy award winner holly hunter ( the piano , raising arizona , etc . ) together in a single hollywood production , one would immediately identify the film as a potential academy award hot shot . sadly for copycat , though tightly scripted and nicely plot , is still at heart , a typical hollywood thriller . helen ( weaver ) , after a traumatic near death encounter with a serial killer , darryl ( harry connick jr . ) , has developed a phobia for being outdoors , so to speak . incidentally , helen is also an expert on the subject of serial killers , which make her a juicy target for serial killer wannabes . a year has passed and strange deaths begin to terrorise the city of san francisco . detective monahan ( hunter ) and getz ( mulroney ) , baffled by the unorthodox methods of killing used by the killer , seeks the professional help of helen , who , as expected was reluctant at first . copycat " borrows " a lot from silence of the lambs and in most cases , it did work . but copycat tries to be a little bit more by immersing the audience into the lives of its main characters to give them more believability , this was rather unnecessary as the scenes seem to disrupt the mood of the entire film and also . . . much of the time wasted could've been used to build up the suspense and injected with drama . even so , weaver and hunter act very well in their own departments . . . weaver being the vulnerable yet strong-within character ( as in aliens ) and hunter being the short , tough , texan speaking cop ( as in raising arizona ) . harry connick jr . , a very good jazz singer , shines as the imprisoned serial killer a la hannibal lecter . which comes to the moment of judgement ( drum roll please . . . ) . copycat is a good thriller . although the plot is highly predictable and one can actually predict the rest of the movie after about 45 minutes into the show , copycat survives from the moments of anticipation where the audience are held on to their seats , in anticipation of the killers next immediate move . this worked pretty well and will offer audiences a couple of unexpected jolts . nice movie to bring your girlfriend to . . . . 
corey yuen's latest film , " hero " is notable on two fronts . first this is the film to bring back the shaw brothers studio back to the forefront of film production . secondly , the film is the re-discovery of yuen biao . the film opens around the end of the qin dynasty , when many immigrants were making their way to shanghai . poverty and crime rule most of china . a young man , ma wing jing and his brother enter the fabled city and become laborers at the pier . tam see is the most powerful gangster in town , having control of the center of the city and having an alliance with the british army . wing jing and see become friends during a confrontation . their friendship grows as both men start to realize their dreams , wing jing's to be a powerful and wealthy man , and see to settle down with a woman he can truly love . wing jing meets the singer at the club ( jessica hester ) and falls in love with her , not realizing that she is the star attraction . after stealing her picture from a display , wing jing and his brother plot to impress her . first they rob two foreigner's of their money and cloths , and set up a midnight rendezvous . unfortunately , wing jing has run afoul of a rival gangster , yeung seung who has bribed the police in an effort to gain control of see's night club . the two bothers are arrested and held until they manage to escape just before dawn . jessica , having waited outside in the cold with her manager all night , gives up and returns home . see decides to retire , he gives the night club to wing jing , as repayment for saving his life during an attempted murder . see arranges the trade and ask his lover ( valerie chow ) to take care of wing jing . unfortunately , she has sided with yeung seung . the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow . the comic turn by yuen wah , previously known as the mad vietnamese in samo hung's " eastern condors " , is a marvelous surprise . his gift for comedy is marvelously understated and hilarious . the stand-out is by yuen biao who returns to the screen after a string of disappointments , with a stellar performance . his tam see is a triad boss who knows that his time is coming to an end but still has the cunning and craft to uphold his pride . his gangster is almost non-violent , in that he only retaliates , never instigates violence . but when the time comes to fight , yuen biao has never looked better . corey yuen directs the film with a maturity and a sense of pacing that has been lacking in hong kong movies as of late . the lighting , cinematography and staging of the film are beautiful to watch . the action scenes do not disappoint either . this is the most aggressive and inventive martial art choreography i've seen in some time , actually surpassing jackie chan's work in both 'rumble in the bronx' and 'first strike' . the special effects team deserves praise for a fantastic job of making the impossible look possible . an early fight between takeshi kaneshiro and yuen biao on the back of a horse is to be seen to be believed . also noteworthy is the score for the film , done in a marvelously lush orchestral style , not representative of most hong kong fare . i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year . all in all , " hero " marks a grand return to filmmaking for shaw brothers . this is the film that gives us faith that hong kong cinema is alive and flourishing . 
trekkies , roger nygard's energetic and hilarious documentary , brings viewers into the world of the star trek conventions . the beauty of the film is that it is good old fashion fun for trekkies and non-fans alike . ( the film generally writes off the trekkies vs . trekker polemic as not worth arguing about . ) the good-spirited movie trekkies easily forces even the most cynical viewer into fits of uncontrollable , loud giggles , yet the picture treats its subject matter with respect and a certain awe . denise crosby , who played tasha yar on " star trek : the next generation , " serves as the host . in the opening credits the movie reminds us that trekkies are the only fan group listed in the oxford english dictionary ( oed ) . ( the oed cites a february , 1976 caption in the " new yorker " as the first recorded usage of the word . ) unless you've been to the conventions , i posit that you have no idea of the dedication of some of the fans . one pointed out , apologetically , that the stripe on his new uniform was slightly inaccurate . others talked about how many star trek conventions they had attended , several dozen being typical and hundreds not unheard of . my personal favorite fan is sir speedy photocopying worker barbara adams . arguably the most famous of all the trekkies , she wears her uniform every waking hour as many die-hard fans do . her claim to fame is that , as a juror on the whitewater trial , she wore it in court as well . " every day i would walk past the reporters with a vulcan-like stoicism , " she says , describing her way of dealing with the crowd of reporters who became obsessed with her obsession . she doesn't quite understand all of the uproar . " i'm an officer of the federation 24 hours a day , " she reminds us . her fealty to her hobby approaches that of a religious faith . along with the laugher the show evokes , there is an equal measure of sincere appreciation for people with such loyalty . and their infectious joy provokes a certain envy of their enjoyment . few other avocations could give this much satisfaction . these people are having the time of their lives . ( for the record , i'm not a star trek fan although i have seen some of the movies . ) the film interviews the various star trek series's stars as well as its fans . the stars had thought the convention idea was a lark and would soon fade , but over twenty years later , the conventions are still going strong . filled with anecdotes , the show talks about the happenings at the various conventions . at one , the actor who plays q was so sick that he thought he would have to cancel . after appearing briefly , he drank some water and left . they decided to auction off his half-empty glass , joking that it had the " q virus . " the guy who won the bidding immediately drank the water and screamed to the crowd that he now had the q virus too . with dedication comes a certain amount of stupidity . not just flitting among people , the documentary takes the time to let you get to know the trekkies . one guy is a trekkie cross-dresser , another dresses her cat , and then there is the dentist . the dentist has his entire office made up to look like a star trek set . he , his oral hygienists , his receptionist , his wife , and his kids wear the outfits all of the time . it appears that his workers are permitted to take them off when they go home , but not his family . for variety , he and his family do change characters from time to time . he says his patients like it . well , there was this one complainer , but he had a problem with his bill anyway . there are summer schools for klingon with ph . d . linguists to teach the language . hamlet is now available in klingon , albeit perhaps not at your local bookstore , and they are working on translating the bible . they even sell united federation passports that are real enough that trekkies have used them to fool customs , even u . s . customs . the movie bogs down only briefly when it tries to argue the series's larger meaning about diversity and humanitarian concerns . sandwiched in-between the levity , the switch in tone doesn't work . the incessantly up-beat film ends with a singing elvis impersonator . he fits right in . trekkies runs a breezy 1 : 26 . it is not rated but would be pg for brief sexual references and would be fine for all ages . 
the police negotiator is the person with the entirely unenviable job of going into ground zero and attempting to talk a dangerous criminal out of doing whatever he or she intends to do . lives are often at stake , and the criminal is usually armed and most likely mentally unstable , prone to turn on the negotiator at a moment's notice . the negotiator must therefore be something of an actor , psychologist , and sham artist , in addition to being a police officer ; he must be able to think on his feet and either work toward the goal of ending the confrontation without violence , or failing that , must be prepared to facilitate the conclusion of the crisis through firepower . most of all , the negotiator must be able to enter a situation with as little intelligence about the scenario as possible , and quickly gain control of the situation , dominate the conversation , and influence the perpetrator into thinking that the end of the conflict is what he really wants . it takes a pretty smart person to do that . but what if the hostage-holding criminal is just as smart ? what if he's also able to think on his feet ? in fact , what if he also knows all the tricks to turning the situation to his favor ? it is this circumstance which forms the basis for f . gary gray's the negotiator . in this film , police negotiator danny roman ( samuel l . jackson ) is tipped off by his partner to corruption within the chicago police force . when his partner turns up shot to death and internal affairs finds incriminating evidence in roman's home , roman becomes the prime suspect of both embezzling from the police disability fund and murder . faced with the scorn of most of the police department , and under close scrutiny by the media , roman is forced to turn in his badge in one of those typical scenes in the captain's office . i don't quite remember if the captain actually said , " i hate to do this , but . . . " , although it wouldn't surprise me if he did . luckily , the film soon shakes off the conventionalism and concentrates on the interesting premise mentioned above . after being offered a take-it-or-leave-it deal by the district attorney , roman resolves to prove his innocence by walking into the office of internal affairs inspector niebaum ( j . t . walsh ) , taking him and others hostage , and proclaiming he has been framed . although roman's actions seem forced due to the compressed nature of his motivational build-up , gray redeems himself by involving us with the negotiations between roman and fellow police negotiator chris sabian ( kevin spacey ) which soon ensue . jackson , while a superb actor , is miscast in the role of roman . the actor has become so popular , and so often identified as a protagonist ( notable exceptions can be found , such as in jackie brown ) , that we as an audience have a difficult time believing he will carry out his threats . the script also clearly sets him up as the good guy who is only trying to prove his innocence . how can we believe he's going to shoot a hostage , no matter if the hostage tried to kill him earlier ? unfortunately , this preconception saps the film of some of it's would-be suspenseful moments , and anything good left in those scenes is largely attributed to jackson's acting ability . almost every time he's in a scene , jackson steals it without looking back . when spacey appears , the film has already run about a third of its course . his is an interesting character . made out to be some kind of negotiating superman , our first look at him has him hopelessly trying to get his family moving to set out on vacation . " i can talk a man out of blowing up the sears tower , but i can't talk my wife out of the bedroom or my daughter off the phone , " he says . when he gets the call to action , however , he quickly changes gears and becomes the man we expect him to be . soon , his character has to negotiate not only with roman , but also with the swat commander ( david morse ) who is itching to send in a team to take roman out , all the while keeping wary of the fbi agents who are waiting to take over the operation , should negotiations fail . this complex set of pressures are reflected well in sabian the negotiator and spacey the actor . as the second protagonist , spacey measures up nicely . gray really lucked out with this cast . david morse as commander beck , ron rifkin as commander frost , and john spencer as police chief al travis are all more than competent , and can hold their own in scenes with jackson and spacey . the only problem is the bit of typecasting that results from these choices : morse played a similar role in the rock , rifkin played the d . a . in l . a . confidential , and spencer played a police detective in cop land . with the level of acting , however , this can be forgiven . also in the supporting cast , paul giamatti as rudy , one of the hostages , is notable for the comic relief he provides . his character is initially so slimy , and giamatti himself just looks so shifty , that you expect to laugh before he even says anything . fortunately , this doesn't distract from the seriousness of the rest of the film , but instead provides some nice breathers from the level of tension which gray manages to sustain throughout . j . t . walsh , as the suspicious internal affairs inspector , clocks in with one of his final performances . sadly , the talented but underrated actor passed away in late february of this year , and the soon to be released pleasantville will mark his last film . walsh appeared in dozens of movies such as good morning vietnam , backdraft , and nixon . for one of his best performances , check out sling blade , in which he plays a mental patient sharing a ward with billy bob thornton . when jack nicholson accepted his best actor oscar in march , walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success ( the actors performed together in a few good men ) . the negotiator is actually dedicated to walsh , and while inspector niebaum may not have been his best role , it certainly characterizes the type of character for which walsh had become most famous for playing . in the end , the negotiator has a plotline that parallels it's reality . we're served with the premise that two equally deft negotiators are battling each other to resolve the conflict in the manner which will suit each of them best . as an audience , we're also given a situation where two wonderfully talented actors are thrown into a movie , and we'd like to see if one will dominate the film . both provide some pretty good entertainment . 
tomorrow never dies  -a review by chambers , bill chambers ( what movie do you recommend ? cast your opinion on my updated website , film freak central : http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/set/7504 ) starring pierce brosnan , michelle yeoh , jonathan pryce , teri hatcher written by bruce fierstein directed by roger spottiswoode let's face it : the $100 million-plus smash that was " goldeneye " was not a good film by any means , and as a bond movie was only marginally better than , say , " a view to a kill " or either of the timothy dalton pictures , by virtue of nice pacing . but it did revive the series , and granted the producers some new directions in which to take the it ( ie . the new " m " is a woman ) . " tomorrow never dies " is the picture " goldeneye " should have been ; it's also the most entertaining bond outing since " the spy who loved me " . the new picture opens with china considering war with britain after a standard military operation is misconstrued as a hostile threat from an english submarine . as an attack occurs , the front-page headline is already being prepared , courtesy of carver media . carver ( pryce ) the man is a deluded magnate , a sort of hybrid of ted turner , bill gates , and peter sellars' german scientist from " dr . strangelove " ( physically , pryce even recalls sellars in his kubrick days ) . it's up to james bond to take him down , with assistance , of course , from a wealth of gadgets ( including a multi-purpose cell phone ) , and beautiful women . enter michelle yeoh , fresh from " supercop " , as a chinese secret agent with her own agenda ; with effortless grace , she cat burgles , dispatches baddies seemingly with the ease of preparing pasta , and refuses the advances of our philandering hero . they make a great team . " tomorrow never dies " is a surprisingly entertaining and efficient film , given that at the helm is none other than the director of " turner & hooch " . spottiswoode has crafted some breathtaking set pieces , each much more intricate and impressive than , for instance , the tank scene in " goldeneye " . moreover , brosnan has at last settled into the role some feel he was born to play ; last time out , the fate of the franchise rested on his shoulders , and there was noticeable discomfort in his body language . returned in brosnan's eyes has some of the playfulness he demonstrated for so many years on tv's " remington steele " , as has his deadpan wit . and though carver's motives are muddy ( when carver explains that " genius is insanity with some success " , screenwriter fierstein is taking a lazy shortcut ) , pryce makes an agreeable , memorable villain . in the future , they should pursue actors as talented and experienced as pryce to breathe life into these cardboard figures . there a few too many explosions in " tomorrow never dies " , perhaps so many they qualify as dialogue . and it could have used a sharper script , though i was amused by the double entendres , none of which i will reveal here . as it stands , the plot suffers many holes ( i'm not taking about implausibilities ) , and the dialogue tends towards the hackneyed . now that the elements are in place : modern special effects and stunt work , cool pierce brosnan , kickass female allies . . . it's time to put them to use in something truly special . there's no mistaking , however , that " tomorrow never dies " is ideal holiday escapism , and for the first time in perhaps years , you'll walk out wanting more bond movies . -reviewed december 17 , 1997 
( 1996 ) starring jennifer jason leigh , ron eldard , glenne headley , lyle lovett , jena malone , dermot mulroney , christina ricci screenplay by anne meredith , based on the book by dorothy allison produced by amanda digiulio directed by anjelica huston running time : 97 minutes for more than a decade , anjelica huston has been one of america's finest actresses . in her directorial debut , bastard out of carolina , based upon dorothy allison's largely autobiographical book on child abuse and poverty in the south , huston displays impressive proficiency behind the camera as well . the film tells the story of ruth anne boatwright , nicknamed bone by one of her uncles at birth , in post-world war ii south carolina . through voice-over ( narration done by laura dern ) , we find that she nearly didn't survive birth , as her single mother anney , played by jennifer jason leigh , was thrown through the windshield during an automobile accident . that's just the beginning of her troubles . bone is deemed illegitimate on her birth certificate , a social stigma which her mother and her large poor family obsesses over for years to come . anney meets and weds lyle , a kind man and good stepfather whom gives bone a baby sister before dying in an automobile accident . anney's brother earle , played by michael rooker , introduces her to glen , played by ron eldard , a co-worker at the mill . glen , the black sheep of a wealthy family ( " when are you gonna make your daddy proud ? i'll tell you when - never ! " he's told ) and filled with bitterness , courts anney and eventually wins her , despite warnings of a violent temper . when anney miscarries with his much-prized baby boy , glen loses his capability to supress his violent outbursts and begins to direct them at bone , beating and abusing her , while the love-dependent anney tries to turn a blind eye and justify his behaviour . things turn for the worse when glen loses his job and the family of four sink into impoverishment . while set several decades ago , this story remains completely relevant in today's society , where abused wives return to their husbands , and abuse committed against children by one spouse is routinely overlooked by the other . the real star of this domestic drama is not top-billed jennifer jason leigh , but child actress jena malone , who plays bone in a wrenching and wholly impressive debut performance . her work is of award-calibre , and in this age in which a preponderence of superb child performers have emerged ( kirsten dunst , tina majorino , anna paquin , natalie portman , christina ricci , elijah wood ) , malone's performance stands up well . leigh's performance in bastard out of carolina is fine , although she's not really given much to do , and ron eldard work is very solid , skillfully manouvering his character's moods in and out of explosive rage . one can always sense that underneath his glen is a pressure-cooker ticking away . of the supporting cast , special note must be made of the criminally underrated michael rooker's performance . there's a bit too much generic formulaism in the screenplay for my taste , from the various characters spouting off country bumpkinisms , to the familiar sight of a dried-up uptight wise old granny ( played by grace zabriskie ) sitting on the porch rocking chair , to impassioned soliloquies better suited for a stage performance . still , it cannot be denied that anne meredith's screenplay contains a wallop of emotional power . huston's direction of the film is surehanded and impressive , giving the film good pacing and eliciting good performances from her cast , particularly the young malone . her sequences of child abuse are shot in a hard-hitting emotional , rather than graphic , manner , and are very effective . huston's talent with camera positioning is wonderful , from a visually striking shot done through a fan , to an extended sequence in the front seat of an automobile . the film has the toned-down feel of a television production ; bastard out of carolina was originally composed and cut for broadcast on the tnt cable station , who ended up declining the film due to sentiments that scenes of abuse and rape in the film were too disturbingly realistic for their audience . perhaps some sequences of the film may be unpleasant , but as a whole bastard out of carolina adds up to a powerful viewer experience worth seeing . 
titantic , writer and director james cameron's much anticipated and sometimes ridiculed $200 , 000 , 000 epic , arrives shortly into the theaters so the question naturally arises , whether the film is worth it ? as a business proposition , it seems hard to see how it can ever break even , but as a movie it is nothing short of wonderful . if you've already neatly categorized it as yet another disaster movie a la volcano or the poseidon adventure , think again . the movie is both a great love story told with the disaster as a backdrop and a portrayal of one of the world's most memorable disasters made real and personal by seeing it through the eyes of two young lovers . in either case , it is filmmaking at its best . when we entered the press screening , my wife asked the publicity rep if there would be an intermission since the film runs three and a quarter hours long . he said no but that the time would go by so fast she'd never notice the length . amazingly , he was right . titanic is one of the few long films that doesn't suffer because of it . the lush picture , filmed by russell carpenter in 70mm , opens in the present with two diving subs exploring the wreck of the titanic on the bottom of the ocean . fortune hunter brock lovett ( bill paxton ) leads the expedition looking for the world's most valuable diamond necklace that went down with the ship , known back then as " the ship of dreams . " the necklace's hundred-year-old former owner , rose dewitt bukater ( gloria stuart ) , finds brock to tell him her story . although almost all of the movie happens in flashback , one of the engineers shows the elderly rose exactly how the ship was sunk . using a computer simulation , the movie takes the time to explain what will happen later , which adds immensely to making a lucid story out of what would have otherwise been hopelessly confusing . after twenty minutes , the story makes its jump to the past as the titanic leaves on her maiden voyage . in a classic movie theme , the two parts of the ship , first class and steerage ( third-class ) exist in sharp contrast . the strength of the script is the way it paints the differences between rich and poor without excessive moralizing . entering the ship on its day out is rose along with her millionaire fiance , cal hockley , played with perfect snobbishness by billy zane . and thanks to a last minute winning poker hand , an itinerant artist named jack dawson gets himself into a little shared cabin in third class . even with her own promenade deck , rose feels trapped on the ship , what with an upcoming marriage to a man she loathes . in contrast , jack can barely contain his euphoria at being on board . after jack saves rose from committing suicide , they start a brief but impassioned love affair . never tawdry and rarely explicit , their romance has the power to sweep the audience into the story . leonardo dicaprio in his best performance ever plays jack with confidence and charisma . in so many ways , small and large , he makes all the right decisions in his approach to the part . when he confronts cal , for example , he remains composed and polite and yet subtly undermines every one of cal's supercilious put-downs . kate winslet gives a wonderfully captivating performance as young rose . the chemistry between these two academy award nominees , him for what's eating gilbert grape and her for sense and sensibility , is nothing short of astonishing . from the scene where he embarrasses her by repeatedly asking if she loves her finace to the beautiful one of them hanging off the ship's bow to the one where she embarrasses him by asking him to paint her nude , they dazzle the screen with a pair of mesmerizing performances . if the film breaks after an hour and a half , which is how long cameron wisely waits to have the iceberg show up , you will still get one of the best films of the year . peter lamont's sets are more than authentic . one scene , for example , starts with the planning-to-retire captain , played with insouciance by bernard hill , having his tea on deck . it then shifts to the ship's massive gears and then to the bright-hot boiler room filled with sweating muscular men shoveling in the coals . the handsome interior common rooms of the ship resemble a palace more than an ocean liner . easily the most fascinating part of the story is what happens after the iceberg hits and before the battle with the water begins in earnest . at first , since the iceberg tears a series of little gashes in the hull , not some big gaping hole , the passengers view the hit as more of curiosity than anything else . what a lark . we've struck an iceberg . now let's get back to our brandy and cigars . the ship's musicians play like troopers through it all , even after the panic sets in . after all , they see it as their duty to calm the passengers . when the musicians are about to die , they politely thank each other for the pleasure of being able to play together , and they mean it . their civility borders on insanity , but it is touching nevertheless . the story is so rich that my description has merely touched the surface . there are more than enough characters to love and to hate , and all of the casting is dead-on . special effects work best when their presence becomes almost undetectable . in titanic , for which he created a nine-tenths scale model of the entire ship , cameron strove for accuracy at all costs . the most dramatic moment in the film happens when the ship breaks in two , and the front section becomes vertical in the water . people are flung like ants either into the water to be shortly frozen to death or into other parts of the ship to be crushed immediately . besides being romantic and dramatic , the script includes liberal doses of humor . from the many deliciously subtle verbal put-downs to the physical comedy , as when jack teaches rose to spit like a man , the show elicits laughter in addition to perhaps a few tears . " it's good-bye for a little while , " a less than confident father tells his little girl since it was indeed women and children first . " this boat's for mommies and children . there'll be a boat in a little while for daddies . " basically there was a design decision to have fewer than half of the necessary life boats -- it made the decks look too crowded otherwise . perhaps the sinking is best summarized by one of the guggenheim's on-board the ship . in the dining room with the lifeboats gone and the ship certain to sink , he is offered a life jacket by one of the crew . " no thanks , " the elegantly attired guggenheim replies . " we're dressed in our best and would prefer to go down like gentlemen . but we would like a brandy . " titanic runs 3 : 14 . it is rated pg-13 for tastefully and delicately presented sex and nudity and would be fine for kids twelve and up . 
grease reviewed by jamie peckrating :  paramount / 1 : 50 / 1978 / pg ( language , innuendo , brief nudity ) cast : john travolta ; olivia newton-john ; stockard channing ; jeff conaway ; barry pearl ; michael tucci ; kelly ward ; didi conn ; jamie donnelly ; dinah manoff ; eve arden ; sid caesar ; frankie avalon ; joan blondell ; edd byrnes ; alice ghostley director : randal kleiser screenplay : allan carr ; bronte woodwardthose print and television ads trumpeting that " 'grease' is still the word " are right on the money . to celebrate its 20th anniversary , this quintessential movie musical is getting the royal treatment reserved for classics like " star wars " -- a well-deserved , red-carpet rerelease . that's fantastic , especially when considering of all the classic characters and scenes the film has served up -- who can forget aspiring beautician frenchie ( didi conn ) being serenaded by her tell-it-like-it-is guardian angel ( frankie avalon ) ? or the hard-nosed principal ( eve arden ) reminding the student body to " be an athletic supporter " by rooting for the home team ? or national bandstand emcee vince fontaine ( edd byrnes ) flirting with marty ( a pre- " empty nest " dinah manhoff ) ? and these are all probably considered minor moments . . . a very skinny john travolta and a very young olivia newton-john have the respective leads of danny zuko and sandy olsson , and their pairing still ranks as one of screendom's most effervescently charming . for those eight of you who aren't familiar with the story , here's a brief recap : greaser bad boy danny and aussie good girl sandy are reunited for their 1959 senior year at rydell high after a brief fling during the summer ; both thought she was going to return to her native continent before school started , but both were wrong . sandy tries to rekindle their relationship , but danny's too cool a cat to fall for her wholesome appeal in front of his t-bird buddies ( including jeff conaway ) . so sandy hooks up with a gang herself -- the pink ladies , headed by sassy , sexy rizzo ( stockard channing , just superb as an independent woman well ahead of her time ) -- and danny , who still really feels love for her , attempts a compromise of ideals in order to win her back . the drag race finale is yet something of a drag , and i never have thought much of " greased lightening , " the film's big " guy " number ( that choreography -- ack ! ) , but " grease " 's flaws amount too few to carp . the movie's first showpiece is " summer nights , " where danny and sandy separately recount wildly different versions of their fun-in-the-sun romance . not only is " nights " tremendously catchy , but it's also a smart look at how men and women see the same events with varying eyes . there has yet to be a live-action musical sequence that rivals the one-two punch of " you're the one that i want " and " we go together , " " grease " 's euphoric cappers . all this and some of the most pleasing moments come from the smaller , quieter moments ; the oscar-nominated " hopelessly devoted to you " is a lovely showcase for newton-john , and channing's lamenting ballad " there are worse things i could do " is one of " grease " 's most unjustly overlooked tunes . the soundtrack is remastered ( though travolta still hits that awful high note at the end of " nights " ) and the restored widescreen allows us to see previously pan-and-scanned-out choreography , but nothing else has changed -- no computer-generated backgrounds , no outtakes or new musical numbers , no jabba the hutt cameos . and it's a testament to " grease " 's timeless success that nothing needs to be changed -- it's the same all-around blast it's always been , with an appealing cast in a fun story told with great music . to '90s viewers , " grease " will probably recall disco and bellbottoms as much as it made its original audience nostalgic for doo-wop and poodle skirts . but regardless of what decade it transports us to , we can all agree on one thing -- without a doubt , " grease " is still the word . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " suggestions , please , for the fourth movie in the series . how about ‘look who's talking back , ' in which the audience gets its turn ? " -- roger ebert on " look who's talking now " 
the opening crawl tells us that the galaxy is in turmoil over the taxation of trade routes , and the greedy trade federation has used it's armada of powerful space battleships to blockade the planet naboo . we soon find that the federation plans to invade the planet with an enormous army of warrior robots and force naboo's ruler , the young queen amidala ( natalie portman ) to sign a treaty giving the federation control . however , the galactic republic has sent jedi knights qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) and obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) as emissaries to the federation in order to negotiate for the ending of the blockade . no sooner do they arrive than the federation leaders are instructed via holographic transmission by a mysterious cloaked figure to destroy the jedi , and the first battle begins . it seems that for me and thousands of people like me , the love for george lucas's trilogy of star wars movies has only grown over time . we're the fans , not the freaks . we won't go dressing up like darth vader ( although you have to admit those imperial uniforms are pretty darn cool ) , and we won't incorporate lines from the script in our everyday conversations ( not all the time , anyway ) , but if someone wants to challenge us to a little trivia contest , we're throwing down . all right , stop looking at me like that . we have been faithfully and patiently waiting . waiting for this movie ever since the end credits of return of the jedi started to roll . you see , the trilogy is not just a set of movies , but a religion of sorts to we , the faithful disciples , and the phantom menace is tantamount to the second coming of the messiah . unfortunately , it is not our savior . for weeks beforehand , i was going around telling people that this movie had better be damned good - stupendously good - miraculously good . anything less and it'll be the biggest disappointment of the century . i didn't want the doomsaying prophecy to come true , really i didn't , but this film nevertheless fails to reach the pinnacles of filmmaking . character development is virtually nonexistent . with the possible exception of qui-gon , most of the film's characters seem left with nothing to do but go through the motions . none seem very affected by their experiences , and few even show any passion at all . contrast this with the horribly irritating comic relief we are nearly continuously subjected to in the form of jar jar binks , a creature belonging to a race which lives in underwater cities on naboo , in precarious symbiosis with the land dwellers led by amidala . jar jar's life is saved by qui-gon early in the film , and travels with our heroes for the sole reason of making us laugh ( or supposedly so ) . his speech mannerisms are so " cute-ified " that i couldn't understand a third of what he was saying , and the slapstick he performed was just distracting . his head gets caught in an electronic field , his foot gets caught in the stirrup of some large beast , he describes being in trouble as " deep doo doo , " and even manages to step in some of the same while walking around in mos eisley spaceport . therein lies a key difference between this film and one of its predecessors . in star wars , we had obi-wan telling us mos eisley was a " wretched hive of scum and villainy . " in the phantom menace , we get doo doo . the films of the trilogy took me away from my everyday life and immersed me in a story " a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away . . . . " this film , on the other hand , constantly reminds me that it's only a movie by including situations and phrases that are so uniquely modern american that they seem incredibly out of place and serve to jerk the viewer from the experience . perhaps the most blatant offense occurs during a scene where young anakin skywalker enters into a pod racing competition ( it's kind of like chariot racing with large engines instead of horses ) , and there are a couple of commentators in a press box delivering indy 500-like play by play . i liked the pod race ; it was really exciting and ratcheted the tension , but when the heck did lucas think up the idea of putting in the sportscasters ? the race would have been even more exciting without the distraction . this aspect , coupled with the emphasis on humor simply baffled me . i suppose one may say that lucas was trying to appeal to the younger viewer , but would more intelligent scenes and dialog hurt this appeal at all ? didn't millions of youngsters still go back to see the original star wars in 1977 over and over again ? didn't the action figures still sell like hotcakes ? of course they did , and it's only poor judgment that allows the most-eagerly awaited film in history to be marred by pandering to children who would still have enjoyed a film with more appeal for adults . one aspect that will appeal broadly , however , is the use of special effects . the people at lucas's industrial light and magic , the world's premiere effects house , outdid themselves in providing seamless integration of computer-generated images and real-life footage . some of the scenes have to be seen to be believed , especially the shots of a land battle between the federation's robot army and jar jar's countrymen . the space battles are also impressive , although improved over past efforts by only subtle margins to the casual observer . this , however , is a testament to the work which ilm produced two decades ago and still holds up well today . john williams is back , of course , providing a score for the film as only he can . his music is pervasive throughout , as rousing and as dramatic as ever , always serving to punctuate scenes noticeably and appropriately . since this film is supposed to be the first installment in a nine-episode story ( star wars , the empire strikes back and return of the jedi being episodes four , five and six , respectively ) , the phantom menace has the daunting task of setting up the origins of several characters we know already , in addition to those with whom we unfamiliar . as a result , attention to history and characterization was spread a little thin . it would have been nice to get more in depth with yoda and obi-wan , for example , but given the fact that there were several new characters to cover , it is understandable that some of the development has been left for the next two films . one of the new characters is darth maul , hailed as the new villain with as much hype as marketing forces could muster prior to this film's release . in spite of the hype , darth maul is a character which almost didn't have to be in the film , his role is so insignificant . he has maybe three spoken lines ( believe it or not , a second actor voices the character ) and the rest of the time just scowls and looks mean . with that working against him , he never has a chance at being interesting and instead ends up an utter disappointment . lucas seems to have wanted to develop the spiritual nature of the star wars universe , something which has been prominent throughout . however , he does so largely by paralleling the star wars spirituality with the bible , offering an easy out for story-writing and once again bringing the viewer back to planet earth with a real-life connection . oddly , while trying to capitalize on spirituality , lucas at the same time introduces the fact that mastery of the force is dependent upon having little force-loving parasites in your body's cells . this only serves to de-mystify the workings of the force a few notches by offering a scientific connection . don't let me mislead you too far . the phantom menace , by most standards , is a good film . it contains a lot of visual treats , sets the stage for an epic story , gives us a bit of excitement here and there , and even allows us to revisit some of our old friends . it's just that when held up to it's predecessors ( and to not do so would be unrealistic ) , this film simply pales . 
with the exception of their surrealistic satire barton fink , the films of joel and ethan coen fit into two broad categories : quirky and sometimes darkly humorous takes on the " film noir " genre in which crime schemes go wrong and spin increasingly out of control ( fargo , miller's crossing , blood simple ) , and off-the-wall comedies centered around an eccentric , scatter-brained lead character ( raising arizona , the hudsucker proxy ) . their latest offering , the big lebowski , falls within the latter category , though there are elements of the crime-gone-wrong theme and even a touch of satire to be found in this film . the main difference , however , is that while the protagonists of raising arizona and the hudsucker proxy had lofty aspirations and ideals but didn't quite have the brains to get it all together , the main character of the big lebowski seems like a fairly intelligent guy who's wise to the world , but he doesn't really want to do much of anything besides go bowling , smoke pot , and generally relax . that main character is jeffrey " the dude " lebowski ( jeff bridges ) , introduced by the film's rambling narrator ( sam elliott ) as " quite possibly the laziest man in los angeles county . " the dude is unemployed , needless to say , and spends most of his time at the bowling alley with his two best friends , walter ( john goodman ) , a borderline-psychotic who's in the habit of pulling a gun when he thinks somebody's cheating in a bowling match ( " has the whole world gone crazy ? ! " he shouts at a suspected cheater ) , and donny ( steve buscemi ) , who's always a few steps behind the conversation and is constantly berated by walter for it ( " donny , you have no frame of reference here ! " ) . these three seem to more or less live for bowling tournaments , and as the film begins they are anticipating an important match with rival bowler jesus quintana ( john turturro ) , who , when we first meet him , is doing a dance in the bowling lane to accompany a spanish version of " hotel california " and , if it's possible , seems to be even more of a head case than walter . if that doesn't give you a good idea of this film's absurdist tone , then perhaps this will : the entire scenario which drives the story is set in motion by two thugs mistakenly urinating on the dude's rug . they've mistaken him for a millionaire of the same name who is also known as the " big " lebowski ( david huddleston ) and whose nymphomaniac wife bunny ( tara reid ) owes money to porn producer jackie treehorn ( ben gazzara ) . the dude goes to the big lebowski seeking compensation for his ruined rug ; he doesn't have any luck , but when bunny is apparently kidnapped , the elder lebowski asks him to deliver the $1 million ransom . unfortunately , walter gets involved and fouls up the drop-off , and before they can try again to get the money to the supposed kidnappers , the dude's car gets stolen , along with the briefcase containing the money . soon , the dude is being harassed not only by the big lebowski himself but also by treehorn and by a group of german " nihilists " who demand the ransom money even though they may not have been involved in the kidnapping in the first place ; the dude and walter suspect that bunny may well have kidnapped herself in order to extort money from her husband to repay her debts to treehorn . meanwhile , the big lebowski's daughter maude ( julianne moore ) , a feminist avant-garde artist who likes to make grand entrances swinging through the air naked , wants to recover the money for her family . the plot , however , is really just a vehicle for all these bizarre characters to run wild and wreak their own unique forms of havoc . the previews for the big lebowski feature creedence clearwater revival's " run through the jungle , " and it fits : the coens see los angeles as a veritable jungle of oddballs and nutcases , with the sometimes bewildered dude left to run through it and try to avoid any more trouble ( usually unsuccessfully ) . the film doesn't feature quite as many one-liners and sight gags as the coens' other comedies ( though there are a few hilarious moments of visual humor , particularly in the dude's dream sequences and acid flashbacks ) , but it more than makes up for it with the sheer fun of watching these strange characters interact . the film sometimes seems a little disjointed as a result - you get the feeling that the coens have not only set their characters loose in this " jungle " but are also themselves running crazy through the jungle of their own twisted imaginations - but for the most part the characterizations are interesting enough to overcome the shaky plotting and what turns out to be a somewhat anticlimactic resolution . there's also a noticeable ( but not too heavy-handed ) thread of social commentary in the big lebowski , which , incidentally , takes place just as the gulf war is about to begin ; at the beginning , we see george bush on television making his " this aggression will not stand " speech . the coens take aim at just about every elite l . a . subculture in the book : the egotistical wealthy businessman ( " the bums will always lose ! " shouts the big lebowski at one point ) , the porn industry , the overbearing malibu policeman who berates the dude for disturbing their " peaceful beach community , " and so on . by the end , we really start to admire the dude , who almost certainly harbors the least " aggression " of anyone in this story ; his passive resistance ( emphasis on " passive , " albeit ) to the elite emerges as something more than just another quirky characterization in a film overflowing with quirky characters . he also turns out to have a pretty well-functioning brain in his head , even if he doesn't like to use it very much ; his sarcasm towards treehorn and the malibu policeman shows that he knows when he's getting a run around , and he does manage to unravel the kidnapping mystery by the end . the coens certainly poke fun at the dude for his laziness , but they don't just treat him as fodder for cheap shots either . i think that , more than anything , is what makes the big lebowski a standout comedy : it manages to approach characters like the dude and , to some extent , walter , with genuine affection while still acknowledging that they are pretty scatter-brained . audience members may find themselves surprised at how much they like the un-dynamic duo by the end of the movie , given that they seemed like nothing more than the butts of an extended joke at first . " it's good knowin' he's out there , the dude , takin' it easy , " posits the narrator towards the end . i dare say that truer words have seldom been spoken . 
frothy romantic comedies have become so commonplace at the cinema that filmmakers now generally resort to gimmicks to set their films apart . two romantic comedies currently in release , the object of my affection and sliding doors , each employ a twist that gives its film a certain uniqueness , but in both cases the gimmicks work . the object of my affection roughly fits the romantic comedy mold . it has its share of humorous moments and a romantic issue at its heart , which is where its twist lies . after being jilted by his lover dr . robert joley ( tim daly ) , gay elementary school teacher george hanson ( paul rudd ) moves in and instantly becomes best friends with social worker nina borowski ( jennifer aniston ) . when nina discovers that she is pregnant by her less-than-reliable boyfriend lawyer vince mcbride ( john pankow ) , she asks george to be the child's acting father . his acceptance , not surprisingly , leads to some emotional complications for the both of them . more of a surprise is that these complications don't necessarily come dressed in laugh-ready packages . director nicholas hytner and writer wendy wasserstein , working from the novel by stephen mccauley , while frequently throwing in a comic zinger or situation or two , deal rather seriously with the relationship issues being raised . while this approach will certainly disappoint those looking for a lark like aniston's picture perfect , it was perhaps the best way to go . to go for cheap laughs would have been to cheapen the characters , in particular nina , whose ever-growing but hopeless love for george achieves true poignancy . adding to the poignancy is the terrific , natural chemistry between aniston and rudd ; even though one knows a romance is impossible , they are such a perfect screen match that one cannot help but develop a rooting interest for their coupledom . i just wish that the character of vince was better written . one minute he's a jerk , the next he's surprisingly gentle ; he doesn't quite make sense , and as such , nina's initial devotion to him doesn't quite either . on paper , the twist of sliding doors appears too high-concept for its own good . helen ( gwyneth paltrow , sporting the flawless british accent she adopted in emma ) , freshly fired from her job at a pr agency , rushes to catch the next train home . the doors on the train car close just as she reaches them . but wait--the film rewinds , and suddenly helen manages to squeeze her way into the train as the doors close . from here on out , sliding doors intercuts between the parallel tales of the two helens : helen " a , " who misses the train , and helen " b , " who makes the train . helen " b , " having made the train , arrives home in time to find her live-in boyfriend gerry ( john lynch ) in bed with sultry , slightly unhinged former flame lydia ( jeanne tripplehorn ) . in a tiff , helen leaves him , gets a makeover , and starts a relationship with james ( john hannah ) , a friendly scottish gent she met on the train . helen " a " not only misses the train ; she is also mugged , which makes her arrive home long after gerry and lydia's tryst , of which she remains not-so-blissfully unaware . in following the two helens , writer-director peter howitt shows how one simple , chance occurrence can alter the course of a person's life . or does he ? what makes sliding doors so unique and rather thought-provoking is how howitt holds true to the idea of chance while at the same time subscribing to that of destiny . the two stories are distinctly different , but howitt comes up with clever " intersections " between the plots , with certain touchstone events occurring in both stories ( albeit in slightly altered ways ) , believably showing how , no matter what happens , the hand of fate is inescapable . also inescapable is the type of person one is , and this is best exemplified by gerry , who is a cheating lout in both stories--which is the film's one problem . although he appears to have some genuine fondness for helen , he is on the whole an unappealing character , making the story of helen " a " less vibrant and involving than the " b " tale , which is highlighted by hannah's delightfully witty james . ultimately , however , the effectiveness of the object of my affection and sliding doors is not due to the gimmicks themselves but the filmmakers who use them with care , intelligence , and style . if it weren't for their talent and savvy , the two films could have easily fallen into the gimmicky romantic comedy scrap heap , an undistinguished group that includes the execrable likes of made in america and mrs . winterbourne . and for that , every moviegoer in the world owes a debt of gratitude . 
cast : nicholas cage , john travolta , joan allen , alessandro nivola , gina gershon , dominique swain directed by john woo to tell you what , i was not impressed at all by the only other john woo film i have seen . starring travolta , broken arrow was a mediocre action movie at best , and i really could have cared less about anything when i saw it . not ture here . i went into face/off expecting the same and was blown away ! ! this is by far , one of the best films of the year . amazing action sequences , stunts , explosions , some hott girls , and ( is this the best thing ? ) characterization ! ! ! ! ! john travolta ( pulp fiction , phenomenon ) stars as sean archer , leader of an l . a . anti-terrorist squad . he is still working to find and kill castor troy , nicholas cage ( the rock , con-air ) . cage , you see , had killed archer's son several years back and his life hasn't been the same since . after an amazing shoot out involving aiplaones and hangars , troy is captured as is his brother pullocks ( nivola ) . however everything is fine from peachy as castor has planted a bomb somewhere in l . a . and archer has no idea how to find it . so , the doctors recommend switching faces , so archer can be at jail as troy to find out where the bomb is . in a rediculous sequence , travolta and cage switch faces . however cage is left without one and is out like a light . prolems begin when cage wakes up and is able to get travolta's face on him , then he kills the medical staff . the movie really takes off from there and let me tell you , cage deserve's an acadamy award nomination for this one . first he is the evil cold heated villian troy , then he must win back our hearts as archer . not that travolta good either , he certainly had fun . joan allen plays archer's wife who is confused and hen scared as she slowly realizes the man she's living with is not her husband . dominique swain is great as archer's misunderstood daughter . and gina gershon ( remember showgirls ) gives a good performance as troy's ex-girlfriend , who tells cage ( as archer ) that her son is his . the action sequences here are memorable . one of the best includes gerhon's son listening to " over the rainbow " as a fight goes on all around him . another includes a mexican standoff in a church , complete with the doves and the whole megillah . the only prob's i had with face/off is that its about 25 minutes too long , just when you think its over , there is another chase scene involving speed boats , etc . this scene is actually better then the entire movie of speed 2 . thats another stor yall together though . face/off runs way too long at 2 : 20 . it is rated r for violence and language . see it , but check your brain at the door .  
the postman delivers but not first class[warning : my opinion of this film is definitely in the minority of reviewers perhaps because it hits so many of my cinematic buttons : post-apocalypse stories , hope in a desperate situation , grassroots uprisings and kevin costner . even worse , i thought that " waterworld " was watchable . read the following with those particular grains of salt . ] it's the year 2013 and things have fallen apart . due to a world war in the late nineties , the resulting three-year winter and a devastating plague , life in the former united states has been reduced to isolated primitive fiefdoms . although this is the future , it looks like a western . as the film opens , kevin costner ( his character's name is never revealed ) is wandering the utah wastelands with only his mule bill for company . giving extraordinarily bad shakespearean performances in exchange for food and lodging , costner is an outsider in a land of outsiders . running into even worse luck , he is forcibly conscripted into the racially pure holnist army of general bethlehem ( will patton ) . the rag-tag retro-futuristic cavalry is the descendent of militia groups and is even called the " clan " after a brutal boot camp , he ( and you can see this coming a mile away ) escapes . taking shelter in a wrecked postal truck , he liberates the uniform and mail bag from the skeleton in the cab who no longer has a use for either . once he reaches oregon , land of beautiful women , bright youngsters and rock and roll ; he pretends to be a representative from the " restored congress of the united states of america " . this scam gets him inside the walled towns where the promise of mail delivery renews optimism in the hearts of the inhabitants . food and other opportunities come his way in the form of spirited abby ( olivia williams ) who wants him to father a child because her husband is sterile . shortly her husband is killed by bethlehem and she and the postman ( as costner is referred to for the rest of the film ) become a reluctant item . although the postman knows he's running a fraud , the concept of renewed communications sets the kids' imagination afire ( especially ford lincoln mercury ( larenz tate ) , his second-in-command ) and they form a new pony express dedicated to getting the mail through . the revived postal service doubles as an army to fight the holnists' tyranny . the postman has become a symbol for hope in a rube goldberg manner . although the movie appeals to my sensibilities , there are so many things wrong with it that they can hardly be counted . it's derivitive of costner's own " waterworld " and clint eastwood westerns . there's little here that we haven't seen dozens of times before . the film is often down-right corny . a scene where the postman is on horseback and grabs a letter from the hands of a bright-eyed child is embarrassing in its slow-motion banality . the film's final few minutes should have been left on the cutting room floor . despite the film's excessive three hour length , several things are never explained . what was the war about ? how did civilization change so rapidly ? everyone has horses : where did all they come from ? the " law of eights " that bethlehem lives by seems to have its origins somewhere beyond the film , but where ? are we to believe that the rest of the world is in the same shape and hasn't made their way west to help or conquer ? there is some jumbled symbolism here that doesn't appear to make sense . the tale is obviously saying that communication can defeat evil in much the same way that the internet has the potential to topple governments , but beyond that there are some oddities . the evil army is called " holnists " which sounds coincidentally like the new age " holism " , but why ? is it another coincidence that it takes place in 2013 , just one year after many ancient prophesies ( including the ending of the mayan calendar ) predict a new world for mankind ? why is the general named " bethlehem " ? there seems to be some reason for that , but what ? sometimes the movie feels like a joke . an army of postal workers armed with guns ? considering the headlines of recent years , it takes a tremendous leap of faith to cheer for these guys . it's even more difficult to accept those re-powering the federal government as the heroes . given the current climate of the country and the distrust of big government , it's asking a lot for the audience to get behind the film's nationalism . even with its numerous flaws , the movie all comes together , if only for those who have the same weaknesses that i have . it's doubtful that " the postman " is going to find much of an audience , but a few of us are going to have a good time . besides we're all awaiting the fall of civilization caused by the year 2000 millennium computer bug . ( michael redman has written this column for over 22 years and would like to announce that the " michael redman " arrested near indianapolis last week for accepting an illicit package from federal express is , to the best of his knowledge , not him . perhaps this similarly-named person should have used kevin costner's postal service . ) [this appeared in the 12/30/97 " bloomington voice " , bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be reached at redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
contact is a nobly intentioned but ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of carl sagan's only novel . it details the circumstances surrounding the first clear sign of intelligent life in outer space and their effects on the life of a young and idealistic radio astronomer named ellie arroway ( jodie foster ) . we first meet ellie at a giant radio telescope in puerto rico , where she is part of the seti ( search for extraterrestrial intelligence ) project . her research is quickly killed , however , by her highly political david drumlin ( tom skerrit ) , who disdains " pure research " in favor of science with " commercial applications . she goes in search of private funding and is turned down at every step until she pitches her project to a corporation run by the mysterious s . r . hadden ( john hurt ) . then , with that money just about to finally dry up , ellie is sitting out in the desert near the very large array in new mexico when she hears over her headphones a very powerful pulsing radio signal . in the movie's most exciting and believable sequence , ellie and her coworkers determine that the signal has to be coming from the star vega . at first the signal appears to be just sequences of prime numbers , then it turns out to be a tv signal of the berlin olympics bounced back to earth from 50 years before . further decoding , with hadden's help , reveals another layer to message , containing detailed plans for a massive and complex machine . it appears that the machine is a transport that will allow one person to travel to the aliens' home world . of course , the big question becomes " who gets to ride it ? " ( right after " who's gonna pay for this thing ? " ) . to boil it down , ellie gets denied the seat in the machine because she bluntly acknowledges her atheism , while drumlin gets to go because he rather insincerely professes his deep religious faith . drumlin is killed and the machine destroyed when religious fanatics bomb the launch platform ( apparently to keep " godless science " from talking to god , or something like that ) . then hadden reappears with startling news . he has secretly constructed a second machine off the coast of japan and has reserved the ride for ellie , in whom he has taken a rather paternal interest . ellie boards the machine and is transported through some kind of wormhole to a dream-like place that looks a lot like waikiki beach before they built the hotels , where she meets the aliens who take the form of her late father ( david morse ) . when she returns home , no one believes her . she was not even gone for one second , they say , even though she remembers being gone for 18 hours . her story is officially discredited , although believed by a large segment of the public ( who don't even have to know that her computer records of the trip contain nothing but static . . . eighteen hours worth of static ) . there is a lot to like about contact so i will highlight those points first . ellie arroway is a well-rounded character portrayed by one of the best actresses currently working . neither the character nor the performance has the same depth as clarice starling in silence of the lambs , but that's a tough standard to meet . ellie is interesting in that she is woman defined by a strange array of father figures . her real father is an idealized movie dad who does nothing in the film but love his daughter unconditionally . drumlin comes across as a distant stepfather to whom ellie is like an irritating teenager who wants to use his toys to get into trouble . hadden obviously has affection for ellie , but in the end he seems to see her as his creation , nothing more than his favorite piece on the chess board . even palmer joss ( matthew mcconaughey ) , ellie's love interest , takes a paternalistic interest in ellie , seeing her as a misguided person who needs protection from her own impulses . the film is technically impressive , especially in the scenes where the message is first received and during the destruction of the first machine . the part of the film dealing with the message has the best presentation of real science in a film since the andromeda strain . the film falls apart when dealing with its central theme , the dichotomy between science and religion . this is a very real debate but contact boils it down to a simplistic level that never really touches on the actual issues involved . the film presents science pretty well ( until the end ) so the real problem stems from it presentation of religious faith . religious people are presented as shallow caricatures . rob lowe plays a ralph reed clone named richard rank ( very subtle , guys ) , the voice of the religious right . another religious figure is the fanatic who blows up the first machine ( jake busey ) . the only really fleshed-out religious person , palmer joss , is supposed to be a minister of some sort , but his actual faith is left pretty vague . i can't even say for certain that he was supposed to be a christian . all we know is that he dropped out of the seminary and obviously has no qualms about pre-marital sex . the film drops the science ball at the very end , when ellie appears to assert that there are some things even scientists must take on faith . in a day and age when the theory of evolution is denounced by the religion right as an atheist " religious " doctrine , this is exactly the wrong message to send . in a movie dealing with issues of science and faith , the last thing you want your scientist character to do is abandon the principle of scientific skepticism . what ellie should have said was , " you shouldn't believe me . not without evidence , and i don't have the evidence . i know what happened but you shouldn't take my word alone . " that is the voice of science speaking . the character of david drumlin is another problem with this film . his attitudes toward pure research project seem out of place for a person in his position . also , his profession of " faith " before the selection committee is so nakedly and transparently insincere that only a pack of idiots should have fallen for it . the last big problem is with the use of real personalities in various roles . the media figures , such as bernard shaw and jay leno aren't so bad , in as much as their participation was voluntary . the use of bill clinton , however , should give anyone pause . first of all , lifting the image of a sitting head of state and inserting him into a fictional story line , thus using his words outside of the context in which they were spoken , is just plain creepy . also , using the real president places this film between 1993 and 2001 , forever dating it . people watching this film in the future will say , " hey , this never took place during clinton's term . " this bit of unreality will jar people out of their suspension of disbelief . also , the level of technology portrayed in the film is too advanced to take place before the first decade of the next century . better to have had a fictitious president played by an actor or no president at all . the film does raise an interesting question , although it never develops it in a satisfying way . if we were picking an emissary to send to an alien culture , would an atheist be automatically disqualified just because ninety percent of the population of the world professes a belief in god , or at least some form of supernatural creator ? personally , i would hope not , since religion is basically an opinion , a form of ideology . i would not want any form of ideological test for such an import task . 
conflict is overrated . too many screenwriters who have based their work on the numerous books that teach you how to write a screenplay step by step feel the need to inject conflict at every possible moment . at first sight is a good example of this . there are so many things about this film that work so well , but at times the forced conflict is so embarrasingly mindless it made me cringe . at first sight is based on a story by oliver sacks about restored sight . in the film , val kilmer plays virgil adamson , a man who has been blind since he was 3 . he works as a masseuse at a vacation resort . this is where he bumps into architect amy benic ( sorvino ) . these early scenes between them are nothing short of fantastic . kilmer and sorvino have a dynamic chemistry , and the film could've simply focused on their romance the entire running time and be successful . but i know that's not the only story irwin winkler wants to tell . this film is also about how a blind man copes with restored sight . there is nothing wrong with this , considering the early scenes here are also quite effective . bruce davison is a doctor who performs a surgery to help virgil restore his sight . virgil's first moments of sight are very frightening , since has has no idea what exactly he is looking at . the moments of this story i enjoyed most dealt with virgil attempting to make sense of what he is seeing . for example , he knows what an apple looks like , but he can't tell the difference between a real apple and a picture of an apple . virgil is aided by visual therapist phil webster ( nathan lane ) . lane's performance is very good , but i wish there was more of his character here . i would've preferred more scenes of human interaction and therapy between virgil and phil than dull lectures from bruce davison's character . but that's only a minor problem . the film's two biggest flaws are the introduction of two minor characters that didn't need to be in this story . steven webber plays sorvino's ex-husband and boss . first of all , it's hard to beleive these two were ever married , and it's even harder to beleive that their breakup wouldve been amicable enough for her to still want to work for him . but conflict is necessary says these screenwriting books , and the screenplay makes the major mistake of presenting webber's character as a threat to virgil and amy's romance . this guy is the most pathetic and pointless character since john pankow in the object of my affection . any scene he is in shakes the credibility of the entire film . another misconceived character comes in the form of virgil's father . he left virgil many years ago when he couldn't find a cure for his blindness . when he learns of virgil's restored sight , he tries to arrange a meeting between them . i don't care about this . the father is a throwaway character who we only see in two scenes , but the film asks us to find the scene between them touching and sad . it's just a mindless way to inject more conflict for virgil than was necessary . instead , why couldn't the film give a better subplot for virgil's sister ( very well played by kelly mcgillis ) ? . she has seemingly devoted her entire life to taking care of virgil , so why not show scenes where she wonders about her future without virgil ? now that he's with amy , she no longer has anyone to come home to and take care of . scenes like this would've been more touching than a lame father- son reunion . the film does hint at this once , but it's quickly abandoned . yet once again this year , i enjoyed a film despite the appearance of several major flaws . if the allure of the friday night lights propelled varsity blues past it's flaws , then what works here is the powerful romance between virgil and amy . mira sorvino is a terrific actress , and this performance is among her best . she has a natural ability to show how much she cares for someone without even having to say a word . val kilmer abandons his usual brooding , egotistical style of performance and instead creates a character that he actually seems to care about . virgil is sweet , funny , smart , and even infuriating . kilmer is able to bring out all these traits perfectly , which is certainly more impressive than the simple technical task of looking like a blind person . together , they have immense chemistry and are able to carry the entire film past even it's most gaping of flaws . 
clint eastwood , in his ripe old age , is cashing one talent in for another . midnight in the garden of good and evil is an eastwood-directed film clint isn't even in , and it's damn good . adapted from a best-selling john berendt novel based on true events , this movie is set in the bizarre georgia town of savannah , where people walk invisible dogs and attach horseflies to their head . and that's just the mayor . as director and producer , eastwood contributes a self- indulgent but very competent 150 minutes , neatly balancing drama , suspense and humor . like all great movies , midnight in the garden has a lot of funny moments that spring from the characters themselves , and not from some contrived , juvenile intrusion . the acting , from big-time stars john cusack and kevin spacey , is as good as you'd expect , but it's the supporting stable that gives the movie its offbeat charm . cusack plays a free-lance reporter sent to savannah to write a fluff story for town & country magazine about one of eccentric millionaire spacey's parties . lots of food , beverages and gunplay . yes , an employee of spacey's has a huge argument in front of cusack and later turns up dead . it seems like a simple matter of self- defense -- the guy threatened spacey , shot at him , missed , then spacey took him out -- but being a movie , there's much more to it than that , and cusack decides to stay in town and write a book about the murder , a book which will eventually become a movie he will star in . the weird circle of entertainment . this is where the stable of supporting characters comes in . there's the requisite sexy woman ( alison " nepotist's daughter " eastwood ) , the strange piano player , the voodoo woman and the transvestite . miss chablis deserves a paragraph of his/her own , as the stealer of every scene she appears in -- what would this movie be without the castilian scene and her testimony ? chablis , playing herself , is five times funnier than reigning drag queen rupaul , but never seems exploited as the movie's comic relief or out of place in a basically serious movie . there are also a fair share of courtroom scenes , which these days almost never seem welcome in a movie , but even here clint manages to keep the movie fascinating . certainly the characterizations of the judge and spacey's lawyer both help immensely , as does having the fly-guy as the jury's foreman . it's here we realize the case boils down to an indictment of spacey's homosexuality . yes , spacey had a sexual relationship with the dead man -- before he shot him , of course . midnight in the garden of good and evil isn't a classic , but it is one of the better celebrity-directed , true-story best-seller adaptations out there . likewise , no one from this movie will be getting any oscar nominations , but the performances are all great . in fact , i'd almost recommend that the academy add a best supporting transvestite category . 
sick : the life and death of bob flanagan , supermasochist starring bob flanagan and sheree rose . interviews by kathe burkhart , kirby dick and rita valencia . produced and directed by kirby dick . running time : 90 mins . this film is not rated . __________________________________________________________ the central themes of " sick : the life and death of bob flanagan , supermasochist " are pain and love , and its subsequent effect on a person's life . its protagonist , bob flanagan , who died at the age of 52 , suffered from cystic fibrosis , a mortal disease which debilitates the lungs by saturating them with thick coats of mucus , preventing him from normal breathing . the movie is about much more than recouperating ( or attempting to ) from this disease . an audacious , fabulously triumphant docudrama , " sick " chronicles the life of flanagan and his vicious , unthinkable acts of sadomasochism conducted with his mistress of 15 years , sheree rose , who amazingly provided much of the footage for the film . flanagan's idelogy crosses the realms of rebelliousness and becomes transcendental , similar to terry zwigoff's brilliant 1994 " crumb " , which also explored the dysfunction of an artist by painting not a sympathetic portrait , but a realistic one . both crumb and flanagan revelled in their defects . but flanagan was not only a man content on enduring the pain via lungs , he inflicted acts of pain on himself at a very young age , courageously defying god ( he was an irish catholic ) and turning his body into a work of art , which he unraveled in museums and lectures . behold these works of physical art . among them is a metal ball inserted inside his anus , and , --the most disturbing scene of the decade-- , nailing his penis to a board . flanagan was a man of great intelligence , wit and humor , as well as adopting a sense of candidness scarcely seen in modern filmmaking . not only did he approach his disease with humor , peforming burlesque acts in front of an audience , he was also revitalized by his approachment . most with cystic fibrosis do not make it past their earlier twenties ( there's also a subplot involving a female devotee who knew death was awaiting her . ) but the most outstanding thing about " sick " is flanagan's relationship with sheree . brimming with honesty , sensual stimulation and unapologetically sad moments of pain , their powerful bond lifts " sick " into a rare cinematic high , where we forget we are in an auditorium and become a part of these people . the last scene , where we see the hero murmuring the last words to his wife in a hospital bed , as he struggles for his last moments of life , is raw , tender , hideous . it goes a step beyond cinematic intimacy . 
capsule : violent and bizarrely entertaining anime , part 21 jump street and part russ meyer , that somehow works despite its limitations . sukeban : n . , jap . , " bad girl " . deka : n . , jap . , slang for policeman , " cop " ; possible corruption/contraction of english " detective " . i tried to imagine sukeban deka as live-action , and somehow i wound up with the blueprint for a russ meyer movie , meyer , king of american sixties exploitation cinema , would probably have loved to direct a picture about a teenage ex-con who beats up juvenile delinquents and assorted upper-tax-bracket scumbags with a yo-yo . i am not leaving out very much here . and yet i watched sukeban deka with a crooked smile ; it's a perversely entertaining movie that , if it had been live-action , might not even have worked . the plot : saki asamiya is a juvenile convict who is given a shot at freedom by the police . theyt want to infiltrate a private high school overrun with crime , and she makes a good mole : fast with her fists and good-looking . saki eventually takes the assignment , but only under duress , and every scene she's in has her under pressure from one direction or another . aside from the yo-yo ( they can't give her a gun ) , she has a sidekick of sorts -- a dippy fellow named sanpei who latches onto her like a barnacle , and has his head shaved to prove his devotion to her . ( this leads us to one of the best lines in the picture : " if you don't stop hanging off me like crap out of a carp's butt , i'll beat you senseless ! " sanpei , however , takes this as an invitation to s&m , and is even more turned on . ) movies like this either work or they don't , and most of the reason they work is style . sukeban deka has its over-the-top-ness right about 80% of the time . one of the evil girls in the story wears cammo fatigues underneath her negligee ; another dresses like a walking bondage outfitter's ad and hides snakes in her cleavage . ( the fetish for snakes bleeds over into the intercollary images that flash up between scenes : when someone gets double-crossed , we see flash shots of one snake sinking its fangs into the other . ) one fight is punctuated with a passing train , which conveniently hides all the screams . but there are parts of the story where the plot is just stretched too thin , and could have used some extra writing -- maybe even some over-writing . there's a whole brainwashing subplot that surfaces about two-thirds of the way through , which feels suspiciously plastered on , as if the scriptwriters were desperate for something to spin things in a new direction . also , saki's enemies -- three sisters who control the school's illegal activities -- are also patchy : the most villanous of the bunch is not really the most memorable , and vice versa . a little more work in this department , and they would really have had something here . as it stands , it's not bad at all , just limited and inconsistent . footnote : part of the reason for the patchiness of the story may be its source material . sukeban deka was adapted from a manga which ran for eight years and twelve volumes , and the movie borrows its story from the first and part of the second volumes . shinji wada , the original writer and artist , had a hand in the production and the script , but there's still been a great deal of condensation and collapsing . i went back and read the entire series myself -- the scope of the whole story is staggering , to put it mildly -- and can see why they might have had trouble packing even the first story into a two-hour movie . 
member of the 'internet movie critic's association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html the easiest noun to use in describing 'mercury rising' would be " routine " . it's a simple description but it fits . i have to say up front that the movie is mildly entertaining on a trashy sort of level in the sense that it's best not to think about it too much after you leave the theatre . you can't fault movie critics too much for repeating themselves because it's only due to the fact that films keep repeating themselves and critics comment on what they see . it's sort of like a quarterback who sticks with the plays that work . if it's a winning formula , stick with it and as long as people keep dishing out enough money to see action stars in their repetitive vehicles , hollywood will keep making them . the problem with bruce willis is that he fails to connect in finding a different personality for each character he plays . clint eastwood made dirty harry different from josey wales and his gunslinger in 'unforgiven' was quite different from the drill sergeant he played in 'heartbreak ridge' . all the recent characters that bruce willis has played have looked and felt the same . 1997's 'the fifth element' was like watching john mcclane ( willis' character in the 'die hard' trilogy ) wake up after being in a chamber of cryogenic technology for three hundred years , thawed out to strut his stuff with futuristic bad guys and it failed with most critics except those radical science fiction fans who refuse to knock even the worst of that genre . i really haven't seen willis in a top notch role since his 1994 attempt at serious stuff such as 'pulp fiction' and 'nobody's fool' . i wish he'd go back to the stuff he has the potential with and earn a respectable name for himself but he's becoming a stereotyped performer like sylvester stallone and wesley snipes . the plot line in 'mercury rising' concerns a nine year old autistic boy who has cracked a secret government code which will be used to protect the covert operations of secret u . s . agents all over the world . he got the code from a puzzle book and it just so happens that two government computer programmers put the code in the book on purpose , testing its reliability , knowing ( or at least counting on the fact ) that no one will be able to crack it but not understanding that the human brain will always remain a mystery . their boss , an evil government stooge ( alec baldwin ) , is outraged that his employees would pull such a stunt and baldwin takes steps to eliminate all traces of the boy's involvement with the code and the government office that created it . this includes killing the boy's parents and willis plays a demoted fbi agent who investigates the murder of the boy's parents and eventually ends up the boy's protector when things get more and more dangerous . director harold becker ( 'the onion field' , 'taps' , 'sea of love' , 'malice' ) has used his typical style of stretching a story out to be much more than it really is , spreading the plot too thin in an attempt to cover up plot holes and while it hasn't worked for him in the past , it doesn't work here . based on the novel 'simple simon' by ryne douglas pearson and written by lawrence konner , ryne douglas pearson and mark rosenthal , 'mercury rising' isn't a film i can recommend for its originality , but it has some decent action sequences as the film is evenly paced and it is touching in a certain way as willis plays the responsible role of the boy's protector and while that may be no big deal to cynics , the film has a style with an average intention to please audiences and because of that it does have some merit . 
following the release of his highly controversial the cook , the thief , his wife & her lover this time last year , the roxy screening rooms in philadelphia presented a retrospective of films by eclectic british film director peter greenaway . included in that retrospective were the art house hit the draughtsman's contract , the film which put greenaway on the map in this country , and two philadelphia premieres -- a zed and two noughts ( which prior to that time had only seen a limited run on the bravo cable channel ) and the belly of an architect . conspicuous by its absence was greenaway's 1988 movie , drowning by numbers , a film which is only now making its much-belated philadelphia debut . this city , it seems , has saved the best until last . drowning by numbers is another visually striking essay by britain's master of the cinematic put-on . brimming with absurdist wordplay and an exacting eye for detail , it's a very tall tale of murder , mathematics , and misdirected love . from the opening scene , you know you are not watching any ordinary film , or dealing with any ordinary filmmaker . a young girl , bedecked in an outrageous , fairy godmother-like party dress , jumps rope whilst reciting the names of the stars in the constellation . the lighting casts giant shadows on the building behind her , an imposing regency edifice fronted by pom-pom-shaped trees . a dead bird hangs from a pole in the foreground . it's like something out of lewis carroll . three generations of women , each named cissie , drown their husbands out of passionate detachment . they are played by joan plowright , juliet stevenson ( who can currently be seen in truly , madly , deeply ) and joely richardson . this maternal camaraderie is incisively drawn , a refreshing change after the misogynistic flourishes of a zed and two noughts . a willing ally to their sanctimonious crimes is a local coroner named madgett ( bernard hill ) . madgett , along with his son , smut ( newcomer jason edwards ) , is an obsessive game-player , much like greenaway himself . in love with all three women , madgett pronounces each death an accident . but greenaway appears to be less concerned with plot than he is with color and composition . the writer/director uses madgett's indulgent preoccupations with contests and counting as an excuse to exercise his own exuberant imagination , layering on the details like oils on a canvas . in fact , many of the sequences in drowning by numbers -- the scenes with the apples , the white beach house against a blackening sky , the angular symmetry of the swimming pool -- are shot with a painter's eye for beauty , like a constable landscape or a ruebens' nude . the numbers 1 to 100 run throughout the film like a chronometer , marking time . they start out obvious enough -- pinned to trees and tin baths , painted on buildings , cows and passers-by -- but wind up being woven into the overall fabric . it's a rich and colorful tapestry , a sumptuously crafted and richly textured experience that is at once wicked , wry and thoroughly entertaining . if drowning by numbers is " about " anything , then it is about the way in which women conspire together , choking the life out of those who have disappointed them sexually , emotionally or otherwise . a darling of the british film institute , peter greenaway made his mark in the late '60s/early '70s with a string of independently produced short films . his big break came in 1982 with the bfi-funded the draughtsman's contract , an erotically charged murder mystery set in 17th century england . but it wasn't until the release of last year's the cook , the thief , his wife & her lover that american audiences were once again treated to the cinematic excesses of this extraordinary talent . in keeping with the film's mood , michael nyman's score is somber and atypically melancholic , not the sawing strings that have punctuated his other collaborations with the director . and sacha vierny's photography is no less exquisite than the picture-postcard perfect views of rome and its surrounding countryside that graced the belly of an architect . the themes which populate most of greenaway's films -- sex , death and decay , puns and punning , religion , numerology , entomology and ornithology -- are also very much in evidence here . in drowning by numbers , greenaway's most accessible film to date , these collective themes add together to form a bizarre jigsaw puzzle with few straight edges , a delineated , looking-glass world in which numbers count for everything and love is often left dead in the water . | directed by : peter greenaway david n . butterworth - university of pa | | rating :  internet : butterworth@a1 . mscf . upenn . edu | 
after a stylistic detour with mrs . parker and the vicious circle ( which , despite its uncomfortable tone , was close to being a conventional movie ) , director alan rudolph has returned to his unique brand of film making with afterglow , a romantic black comedy about love , betrayal , and self-absorption . while these may not be the most unusual themes to fashion into a motion picture , rudolph's atypical approach to the characters and their situations makes for an intriguing , if not always pleasant , movie . it is said that rudolph is a polarizing director – meaning that most viewers either love his work or hate it . until mrs . parker , i had not been overly impressed by his movies . i found equinox , his last pre- mrs . parker effort , to be irritating and frustrating . i was somewhat surprised , therefore , to discover that i liked afterglow . there are several reasons for this , but the paramount one is that rudolph seems to have muted some of the most strident , mannered aspects of his approach . the characters here are more like real people with genuine problems , the story is absorbing , and the acting is top-notch . in short , rudolph has created a world that it's worth spending two hours in . afterglow introduces us to two unhappily married couples . jeffrey byron ( jonny lee miller ) is a cold , seemingly-heartless businessman who is sexually indifferent to his young wife , marianne ( lara flynn boyle ) . for her part , marianne is so obsessed with having a baby that she never attempts to interact with her husband on a human level . all she's interested in is seducing him during those few days when she's ovulating . after he refuses to make love , she decides to find someone else to play the role of sperm donor . the other couple , lucky ( nick nolte ) and phyllis mann ( julie christie ) , are an older pair , but they're no more content than jeffrey and marianne . a mysterious fracture in their past relationship has driven them apart . they remain married as a matter of convenience , but , since phyllis won't allow lucky to touch her , they have an unspoken agreement whereby he can fool around as much as he wants provided that no lasting bond is established as a result of these affairs . the landscape of emotional pain between them is palpable . the four characters begin interacting when marianne hires lucky as a handyman to fix up the inside of the apartment she shares with jeffrey . the two of them are immediately attracted to one another , and it doesn't take long before they're lounging together , naked , in her pool . meanwhile , jeffrey , who is captivated by older women , runs into phyllis in a hotel bar , is smitten , and invites her to accompany him on a weekend retreat to the mountains . the romantic couplings of the characters are interesting in that they illustrate the multiple faces of love . sex means something different to everyone – to jeffrey , it's an unpleasant chore , a loss of control ; to marianne , it's a means to a maternal end ; to lucky , it's an enjoyable distraction that blocks out his marital troubles ; and to phyllis , it's a method of establishing or denying emotional closeness . ultimately , none of these characters appears to love anyone else as much as they love themselves . the greatest strength of the film lies not in the script , but in the performances . jonny lee miller is perfect as the selfish , callous , suit-and-tie businessman . those who recall him as sickboy in trainspotting will find that he is almost unrecognizable here as the image of conformity . lara flynn boyle , who wasn't impressive in rudolph's equinox , is greatly improved , making marianne a jumble of sexiness and vulnerability . nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious as the world-weary phyllis . her often wry , occasionally cutting asides are the source of much of the film's humor , and there's hardly ever a moment when she doesn't steal the spotlight from her co-stars . i don't know if afterglow is the film to convert rudolph- detractors , but it seems that this movie is a little more accessible than some of the director's earlier productions . enough of his trademark style remains , however , to reassure his supporters . afterglow is basically a four-pronged character study . the plot is not especially compelling , but the character interaction is , and that's the real reason to see this motion picture . rudolph has painted an able picture of the non-romantic side of love -- the one that has more to do with tolerance and familiarity than with affection and attraction . 
starring : tom hanks , tom sizemore , edward burns , jeremy davies , vin diesel , adam goldberg as the small boats rock slowly toward the shore at omaha beach normandy on d-day , the weary , seasick soldiers take a deep breath and open the large protective shield at the back of the boat . they are unaware of exactly what is going to happen . one man kisses the crucifix that hangs around his neck . as the flap falls , the battle begins . they are trapped like rats in a cage and proceed to be blown to pieces in the wake of enemy gunfire . amid the chaos of this massacre , stands a shot that , at least for me , hangs in the air like the girl in the little red coat in schindler's list . a soldier , clearly missing an arm , wanders around the body-strewn beach like a lost puppy . we are not invited to know what he is searching for until he finds it himself . he bends over , picks up his arm and starts to carry it , probably not bothering to ask himself ; " what now ? " saving private ryan is a masterfully composed film . the direction is out of this world , surely the type of command that can win spielberg another directing oscar . the cinematography , by janusz kaminsky , is also astounding . but be forewarned , this is the most violent and graphic film i have ever seen . the articles you read and the warnings you see are justified ; saving private ryan is visually as disturbing as a film can get . the question is , " does the story and its realism justify the excessive use ? " the answer from my point of view is " no " . braveheart was a truly gritty , and , one would imagine , realistic battle film . ryan is ten times worse . expect disembowelments , sucked in skulls , heads blown to bits , arms and legs flying across the battlefield . many in the theater could not bear to watch . and it is a shame , too , because this is otherwise by far one of the standouts this year . but such graphic displays may turn away even the most loyal spielberg supporters ( and academy members ) . saving private ryan takes us from the attack at omaha beach on d-day , 1944 , through into the film's primary mission . captain miller ( hanks ) assembles an 8 man crew and sets off to find a missing solider , private ryan , whose three brothers have already been killed on the battlefield . the government goes to great lengths to make sure that mrs . ryan doesn't recieve a fourth letter of condolences about her sons , that no person should suffer such injustice . miller's crew is not in favor of the mission and they begin to harbor a secret hatred for ryan , though they don't yet know him . they resent having to trudge out to bring home one soldier who doesn't have any more or less right to live than any of them . this film manages to keep up a rapid pace and , though there is a lot of set up between battles , the story continues full speed to the end . the pacing and dramatism of the extremely well choreographed battle scenes is really in a league of it's own . spielberg , though not a student of the " quick cut " school of filmmaking , takes a stab at it here , and does it better than michael bay or any of his mtv counterparts could ever hope to do it . bay should pay close attention , take copious notes . if you want to jump cut every two seconds , do it the way spielberg does it in ryan . in the end , the extremity of the gory violence is not justified by the " importance " of the film . schindler's list taught many people the truth about the holocaust . it opened eyes , sparked debate and study . though the battle scenes in ryan have never been portrayed as realistically before , they don't amount to anything as serious or thought provoking as the schindler's list . overall , this is just the truest depiction of the old adage , " war is hell . " but braveheart-dosage would have fit this movie much more appropriately , and would have made the difference between me getting up the nerve to see it again some day and realizing that this is something i doubt i could endure again . masterful work marred only by excessive gore . 
director : john sayles || screenplay : john sayles || stars : federico luppi ( dr . fuentes ) , damián delgado ( domingo , the soldier ) , dan rivera gonzález ( conejo , the boy ) , tania cruz ( graciela , the mute girl ) , damián alcázar ( padre portillo , the priest ) , mandy patinkin ( andrew ) , kathryn grody ( harriet ) , iguandili lópez ( mother ) , nandi luna ramírez ( daughter ) , rafael de quevedo ( general ) || mpaa rating : r john sayles' " men with guns " is about what happens to a society when brute force and constant threat of violence are the only means of gaining and maintaining power . the film takes place in an unnamed central american country , where the men with guns are the rulers . most of the country is divided into tiny segments - some are controlled by guerrillas with guns , some are controlled by army soldiers with guns , and all the spaces in-between are controlled by thieves , bandits , and terrorists . all people not fitting one of those descriptions are defined only by their powerlessness . however , like so many central american countries , this one also features modernity . there is an unnamed capital city that bears all the hallmarks of contemporary civilization : skyscrapers , hospitals , televisions , highways , etc . but , it might as well be in another country because those who live in the comforts of the city have either decided to ignore the violence ravaging the rest of the land , or else they are simply ignorant of it . the film's main character , dr . fuentes ( federico luppi ) falls into the latter category . one of his patients , an army general , describes him as the most educated man he has ever met , and also the most naive . fuentes is a true liberal , a caring man who thinks he can cure the ills of his country by fighting bacteria and ignorance among the indigenous indians . with government assistance , he has trained a large group of eager young medical students and sent them into the rainforest to cure and educate . this program was to be his legacy , and he repeats over and over that it was a good idea . however , when he ventures into that same rainforest to visit his protégés , he finds that things have not turned out as he has envisioned . as he travels deeper into the forest , going from village to village , the story is always the same : the doctors were all killed by either the guerrillas or the army soldiers , usually for helping the other . when dr . fuentes asks a village woman why the army killed one of the doctors , she replies simply , " because they had guns , and we didn't . " rational science and all its attempts to cure have been wiped out by the men with guns , because others' sickness and ignorance helps them maintain power . dr . fuentes picks up several companions during his journey , all of whom are characterized by their loss . first , there is a young boy named conejo ( dan rivera gonzález ) , who has neither a mother nor a father . next , fuentes crosses paths with a thief named domingo ( damián delgado ) , who deserted the army because he was tired of being jeered into committing murderous atrocities . through his ordeal in the army , domingo has lost most of his self-respect , and defines himself only by his pistol . along the way , the group also picks up padre portillo ( damián alcázar ) , a priest who has lost his faith . as domingo is running from the army , so is portillo - he has been labeled a guerrilla sympathizer , and ran away from the village in which he was preaching . last , the group takes on a mute girl named graciela ( tania cruz ) , who hasn't spoken since she was raped two years earlier , her innocence and even her will to live forcefully taken from her . sayles two major strengths as a director - characters and setting - are abundantly evident in " men with guns . " ( like many of his films , sayles might have tightened this one somewhat in the editing room , but a longer-than-necessary running time is a sin almost always committed when the director is also the editor . ) he creates fascinating , complex characters , especially dr . fuentes and domingo . their uneasy relationship is also somewhat humorous in context of the film's overarching theme of violence as power - domingo's attempts to control fuentes with his revolver are constantly undermined by fuentes' belief that the revolver is unloaded ( at first it is , but later is isn't ) . the setting is also as thick with detail as the rainforest itself . sayles knows how to bring a location to life , whether it be an early twentieth-century coal mining town in " matewan " ( 1987 ) or a contemporary texas/mexico bordertown in " lone star " ( 1996 ) . sayles is not a particularly inventive director - he likes to let his actors do most of the work - but he and cinematographer slavomir idziak ( " gattaca " ) successfully evoke both the beauty and the danger of the central american terrain . sayles also maintains a strong sense of authenticity by filming everything on location in mexico , using all latin american actors , and having all the dialogue spoken in either spanish or native indian dialects . the one exception is a couple of bumbling american tourists who work not only as comic relief , but as evidence of just how clueless the united states is about what is going on a few hundred miles south of the texas border . it would not be a stretch to say that " men with guns " is a depressing film . in fact , the two feelings it evokes most are hopelessness and failure . in addition to loss , the main characters are also failures at something , whether that be dr . fuentes failure to change anything through medicine , or padre portillo's inability to stand up and be the martyr he always dreamed of being . nevertheless , it is bleak material sayles has chosen , and he deals with it accordingly . the last shot of the film does offer a hint of hope , even in a world where , as one character puts it , " nobody refuses the men with guns . " 
the uncompromising nudity bared throughout petrice chereau's intimacy has already garnered much notoriety , but it's in the naked faces of fearless actors mark rylance ( angels & insects ) and kerry fox ( welcome to sarajevo ) that the tender ache of emotional resonance is discovered . with sharp , intelligent eyes that reflect experience and maturity , rylance and fox are refreshingly detached from the false glamour of hollywood idols . their sex scenes together are bracing in their raw honesty , in the acceptance of flesh and messiness . less apparent , but no less remarkable , are the astute observations of behavior revealed through those carnal beats of haste and hesitance , often without a single line of dialogue . not aiming for the spiritual poetry of in the realm of the senses or the philosophical transgressions of crash , chereau keeps his sexual odyssey firmly grounded in terms of straightforward character development . that may be the very reason why intimacy seems unerringly impressive but never particularly significant on more than a tactile , sensory level . the themes of human isolation are barren and obvious , a science project devoid of any especially groundbreaking hypothesis . intimacy does manage to stand out from lesser portraits of " human interconnectedness " and pinter-esque rummages through psychological dirty drawers ( okay , kill me ) . shallow though it might sound , it's amazing how much is filled in through an inspired cast , perceptive camerawork , and imaginative ways of treating the love scene . those ingredients are too assured and confident to merely dismiss as icing on the cake , especially since they are the substance of the cake itself . adapted from a pair of short stories by british novelist hanif kureishi , intimacy weaves desperate lovemaking between two strangers in london . every wednesday , jay ( rylance ) and claire ( fox ) meet in his cluttered , dank apartment for an hour or two of sexual release from their uninspired lives . he's been head bartender at a posh restaurant for over six years . she's a mystery to him but her glum workaday appearance reveals a similar dissatisfaction . they're both married , but his relationship has curdled into an embittered separation . as the weeks draw on , jay obsessively takes it upon himself to uncover claire's personal routines . in his attempt to gain a fuller semblance of who she is , he opens wounds that hadn't existed before by single-handedly corrupting the fantasy . if it weren't for a few unnecessary subplots involving jay's brother and his bevy of disgruntled co-workers , this minimalist premise might be described as a modern fable on the perils of wish fulfillment . chareau's restless camera ( once again wielded by superb and ever-attentive cinematographer eric gautier ) is less appropriate here than in his family transit-oriented those who love me can take the train . the scenes that linger are the still ones where rylance and fox separately , pensively attempt to carry on with their makeshift household routines . these are often captured in lingering , unblinking wide shots that view them stranded amidst their drab workplaces and homes . separation proves haunting in a melancholy series of intercut shots as rylance and fox undress on opposite sides of the room , crawling across the floor to meet in the center . despite being as restless as a fly during the hyperactive restaurant scenes ( all the better to blend in with a hustling crowd of gabby trendsetters ) , you'd be hard pressed to find a single uninteresting image . intimacy takes an interest in its sordid world of the lower-middle class , with lonely pubs and busy shopping streets -- it also understands the people who inhabit those spaces , viewing them with sympathy scraped raw . an evaluation would be incomplete without highlighting the great timothy spall ( the robust scene-stealer of many a mike leigh collaboration ) . as claire's cuckolded husband , this jocular heavyweight plays out his handful of bitter pill scenes with the unforced menace and self-effacing embarrassment of his imposing bulk . bangs in his eyes , his mouth forming into quizzical pouts and dry smirks , he may seem the fool in his barroom encounters opposite a sarcastic , gleaming mark rylance ( whose jay has arrived on the scene looking to stir up some trouble ) , but spall is no one to trifle with . his overreaching best pal demeanor suggests a mind abuzz with secret passageways of guile , his pointed questions only naïve if you choose not to read into their crafty insinuations . in his unassuming way , spall's carefully etched interpretation of hostility buried under a mountain of surface propriety may become one of the most criminally underappreciated performances of the year , but maybe also one of the best . he's that good . 
o ( 1999 ) . starring mekhi phifer , josh hartnett , julia stiles , martin sheen , andrew keegan , rain phoenix , elden henson and john heard . written by brad kaaya . directed by tim blake nelson . rated r . running time : 91 minutes . a welcome cinematic trend over the past couple of years has been to make the works of shakespeare more accessible to the younger audiences who are the vast majority of moviegoers by contemporizing the bard and altering the settings to familiar surroundings . a prime example of this is 1999's 10 things i hate about you , which was basically the taming of the shrew in a high school . less successful was last year's adaptation of hamlet with ethan hawke as the heir apparent of the denmark corp . here the setting was the corporate world of new york . now comes o , a faithful retelling of one of the most tragic of shakespeare's tragedies . like 10 things i hate about you , the stage is a high school - a private prep school where odin james ( mekhi phifer ) is the on-court general , the basketball team's standout player . julia stiles , featured in 10 things i hate about you as well as performing ophelia in hawke's hamlet , plays desi brable , odin's girlfriend , whose father also happens to be dean of the institution . josh hartnett ( pearl harbor ) is on hand for the villainy , playing the scheming hugo , who sets the tragic wheels in motion . o was actually filmed a couple of years ago , but was shelved because of the columbine high school tragedy . the movie , directed by tim blake nelson - best known for his co-starring role in o brother , where art thou ? - and written by brad kaaya , is very grim . an air of tragedy weighs it down from the opening scene to the closing credits . and that is how it should be . of all of shakespeare's tragedies , othello is the most harrowing , not because of any body count , but because of the psychological havoc wreaked by iago , whose motivation in the sheer pleasure of his treachery . kaaya's profane-filled script - after all , these are high school kids - does offer hugo a subtle motive of sorts . the young man considers himself the basketball team's prime utility man who does a little bit of everything - pass , shoot , rebound - but is constantly in the shadow of odin . plus his father , the team's coach - played with a ferocious intensity by martin sheen - showers more love and concern on his star player than on his own flesh and blood . the script follows the familiar lines of the classic . hugo begins dropping hints to odin concerning desi's fidelity , eroding the star's confidence in those he considers closest to him , affecting both his relationships and his game . it all ends in blood , of course , which is why the movie was originally shelved . the performances in o vary . phifer is at first cocky and self-assured , emotions he handles with ease . he also does quite well displaying odin's darker side ; his defensive sensitivity about being the only black at the institution , his growing distrust of those he loved , his rage and the erosion of his belief system . hartnett is appropriately cool and machiavellian as he weaves his deadly web of lies and deceit , turning friend against friend , and lover against lover . stiles seems a bit stilted , but occasionally also rises to the occasion , moving from adoration to confusion to fear of her young knight . the film does contain a few missteps : a subplot involving hugo's theft of the school mascot is left hanging . also desi's actions concerning michael ( andrew keegan ) , odin's former teammate and best friend who was kicked off the team because of one of hugo's machinations , is puzzling . why she would continually be seen with michael - however innocent the circumstances - when she knows her man suspects the two of cheating behind his back . it is irrational . but these are minor carpings . overall , o is a stylish and faithful adaptation . if nothing else , it may encourage some people to read the original text , and that will counterbalance the severity of this feature . bob bloom is the film critic at the journal and courier in lafayette , in . he may be reached by e-mail at bloom@journal-courier . com or at bobbloom@iquest . net .  other reviews by bloom can be found at www . jconline . com by clicking on golafayette . bloom's reviews also can be found on the web at the internet movie database : http : //www . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? bob + bloom 
 1998 , r , 170 minutes [2 hours , 50 minutes]starring : tom hanks ( captain miller ) ; tom sizemore ( sergeant horvath ) , edward burns ( private reiben ) , jeremy davies ( corporal upham ) ; written by robert rodat ; produced by ian bryce , mark gordon , gary levinsohn ; steven spielberg ; directed by steven spielberg . seen august 8 , 1998 at 6 p . m . at rotterdam square cinemas ( rotterdam , ny ) , theater #6 , by myself for free using my sony/loews critic's pass . [theater rating : * * * : good seats , sound , and picture] war is a topic that can't help but be glorified any way it is portrayed by the media . movies , documentaries , and even history books have a way of making the darker side of humanity exciting since the most general aspects are focused on , such as strategy , politics , and victory . it's easy to forget war , in its most basic form , is a battle of armies out to slaughter each other . forgotten more easily is the fact that each soldier , no matter what his rank or importance , is a real flesh-and-blood person and not just a number . " saving private ryan " is one of the few films that dares play up this aspect , especially in its unapologetic , realistic delivery . it proves there's a huge difference between battling and killing . the film opens with one of the most graphic , disturbing scenes in recent memory . it's world war ii , d-day to be exact , and the u . s . military is invading omaha beach where the nazis are more than ready for them . spielberg uses many techniques to create for a total sense of reality . instead of positioned cameras , the footage here seems to have been shot by camera operators running alongside soldiers as if they were just as scared . there is no sense of stability , but of constant , anxious , and confusing motion , giving us the feeling of being in the middle of the battle , and just a vulnerable as the poor troops . " poor " is a proper word to describe how pathetic and yet innocent the men fighting are . there is little to no dialogue throughout the loud battle and no prologue to define any characters . we don't get the feeling these are handsome actors playing heroic roles , but that these are men about to kill and be killed for reasons beyond their understanding . the nazis are not portrayed as enemies to be hated , but as people that must be destroyed because they're there . in the movies , the good guys can run through a firestorm of bullets and bombs and not get a scratch , but in reality that wouldn't happen . the men have nothing to shield or protect them besides some metal flanks and dead bodies . they are sitting ducks and we realize this through the perspective of the well-secured germans who can actually see who , what , and where they're shooting , unlike the americans who must fire in a general direction to avoid getting their heads blown off . perhaps the film is flawed by not providing any backstory on the war itself and who the men really are , but that seems to be part of the theme . the film seems to rely on the audience's sense of patriotism , that the american military is " right " and good and that the nazis are " inherently evil . " the battle scene eventually focuses on a group of men who have miraculously survived and made their way close to the enemy stronghold ( a whole 50-foot progression ) , and begin to inflict some damage . i have to admit that once the first glimpse of victory over the nazis sprang up , i couldn't help but feel some sense of joy and relief . to triumph against all odds is a cliche to be sure , but there's nothing cliche about the graphic , detailed , atmosphere here because it really happened . one of the most surprising aspects of the film is how little story construction there is , and yet the events that take place make sense and are interesting . the plot is practically irrelevant since the film is more concerned with the reality of the war and the soldiers we meet . tom hanks stars as captain miller , a relatively average man who happens to be the leader of a platoon . he's never obsessive or any such generic , cartoonish characteristic that might dominate a character like this . he doesn't want to be there any more than his men , but when he is given a mission he intends to carry it out . the mission the film is concerned with is , as the title states , saving private ryan . through a series of command started by an ordinary clerical worker , it is brought to a general's attention that three brothers from iowa have been killed in action and their mother will receive notices of each's death simultaneously . when they learn a fourth brother is stationed somewhere in europe , they make it a top priority to have him returned safely to his mother . it's easy to sympathize with this situation , after all , no one should have to lose all their children at once . but finding one man in this war is , as miller puts it , " like trying to find a needle in a stack of needles . " the saving of private ryan isn't just a dramatic device , but a thematic one . his salvation represents the sense of innocence the country , the world even , was trying to convince itself it still had . when miller's company hears of the mission , they scoff at the idea assuming he is dead , but miller isn't so quick to shrug it off . he knows the only thing that can really save soldiers from death is hope , and now he has the opportunity to make someone's sense of hope a reality . the mission to find ryan gives miller's group a destination , but not direction . along the way many things happen to them , both good and bad . a few battles are fought , not to be major accomplishments for the war , but because they encounter german soldiers and have no other choice . the act of killing itself becomes one of the film's major philosophical metaphors . the soldiers don't mind killing other soldiers in blind battle , but when they come across a lone survivor who begs them to let him go , they can barely stop themselves from killing him in cold blood as some kind of vengeance for their losses . unfortunately , death is a fact of war , and most films try to avoid it when it comes to the main characters , but here spielberg doesn't want us to think these men are invincible . in fact , only a small amount of color and personality is sketched into each man , and the performances are good enough to make this method work . although the characters are somewhat typical , the actors maintain control over the material at all time . whether they're arguing with each other , telling stories of back home , or fighting the germans , they never go overboard and always seem believable . sure , there's a zinger here and there , but war doesn't change the fact boys will be boys . if and when one dies we too can feel the loss , even though we hardly knew them . the final act brings the story full circle with another tremendous , violent battle sequence . private ryan has been found , but facing four to one odds , can the americans defeat the germans and keep ryan alive ? that's not a premise for thrills , it's symbolic of everything the film has worked for . it would be wrong to say the film has either a happy or sad ending , it ends the way it must end . i remember reading a " calvin & hobbes " comic strip where calvin asked his dad something like , " dad , how do armies of men killing each other solve problems ? " " saving private ryan " is the adult version of that question . please visit chad'z movie page at : http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz - over 200 new and old films reviewed in depth , not just blind ratings and quick capsules . 
review by laurence mixson ( venom8@hotmail . com ) starring sigourney weaver , paul reiser , michael beihn , and bill paxton . every once in a while a movie comes along that completely redefines the genre : with dramas , it was citizen kane , with arthouse it was pulp fiction , and with comedy it was , well , that jim carrey guy ( okay , so he's not a movie , but he did have a huge influence on the genre . not to mention an expensive one . ) sometimes a movie even combines them all into a big , sprawling motion picture event , as did forrest gump four years ago . with action films , it was aliens , whic was released to much hype seven years after it's equally-innovative parent , alien ( 1979 ) . directed and written by james cameron ( t2 : judgement day , the abyss , true lies ) , the authority on action films , it was a masterful encore to his sci-fi thriller the terminator ( 1984 ) . while the original alien film was a dark , enclosed horror film that featured one alien slowly massacering a horrified crew , james cameron took the big-budget action film with aliens , which featured multiple aliens doing basically the same thing , although on a much-larger scale . and boy , did he take that route ! i'd say at about 165 mph or so . . . the film opens 57 years after the original , with lt . ripley ( weaver ) being found in her ship in a cryogenic state by a salvage vessel . if you'll recall , at the end of alien ripley , the only surviving member , cryogenically " hibernated " herself after expelling the rogue alien from her ship . unfortunately , she thought she'd only be out for a couple of weeks . . . once she's returned to earth , ripley is quickly interrogated by " the company " , who quickly dismiss her and her stories as lunacy . in truth , they believe her , as they soon approach ripley with an offer to travel with some marines to a new colony planet as an " alien advisor " . it seems that the colony planet was a once-breeding ground for the nasty aliens , and now all communication with the planet has been lost . . . it doesn't exactly take a genius to guess what happens next : ripley agrees , and before you can say " big mistake " , she and the half dozen marines , plus the slimy corporate guy ( reiser ) , who has more than it looks like up under his sleeve , are off to the colony . when they arrive , they find the planet in ruins . only one survivor is found , a little girl , newt , who confirms that , yes , the aliens were here and that she only managed to survive by hidding in the ventilation system . and soon enough , the marines come under attack from the aliens . . . what happens for the next hour and a half or so is what completely sets this movie apart from any other standard alien sci-fi movie : the action scenes . cameron directs them so skillfully , and so suspensefully , that you're literally ringing your hands by the time the finale rolls around . which features , in my opinion , the best fight scene ever recorded on film , as ripley straps herself into a huge robot and battles the nasty queen alien to the death . many people will tell you that this film , while being a great action film , has no real drama and is all cliches . well , they would be wrong , my friends . if this film had no " drama " , then why was sigourney weaver nominated for best actress at the 1987 academy awards ? that's right , best actress . you know that any action film that has an oscar nomination attached to it for something other than technical stuff like editing and f/x has got to be good . in short , aliens combines all the right elements ( great action and f/x , drama , a good plot , good dialogue , and great villains ) into what could arguably be called the best action film of all time . then again , maybe not . movies rise and fall from glory and , sad to say , aliens was wrestled from it's throne of best action movie by another cameron film , t2 : judgement day , in 1991 . so who will be the next king ? well , let's wait until december 19th and see yet another james cameron film-the highest budgeted film of all time-titanic to make that decision . i can't wait . 
ciby 2000/miramax - 1994 starring toni collette , bill hunter , rachel griffiths screenplay by p . j . hogan produced by lynda house and jocelyn moorhouse directed by p . j . hogan rated aa [adult accompaniment for those under fourteen] in ontario for profanity and mature themes after a successful run in australia last year , and with much critical praise heaped upon it , muriel's wedding opens into medium release this weekend in north america . muriel heslop is a withdrawn , overweight young woman living in porpoise spit , australia . she is often the target of her father's frequent rants at the family , and drowns out her feelings of inadequacy with abba music and fantasies of marriage . her self-loathing is such that only being wed shall she prove herself to be a success ; marriage will transform her into a new person who is respected and admired . after her four cliquey friends dump her , muriel plots to follow them to a resort where they are celebrating the honeymoon of one of the girls , and muriel's wedding unfolds from there . toni collette plays muriel in a winning performance , conveying both the sadness of her character and her desperate eagerness to be accepted . collette gained a frightening 43 pounds in order to play the chubby title character . she has a natural screen presence and exudes charisma , easily winning the audience over with an honest , painful performance . collette basically carries the film , appearing in almost every scene . muriel's father , bill " the battler " heslop , is portrayed by bill hunter as a slick politician/developer . while chumming around with young fans and crowing 'you can't beat progress' ( his slogan ) , bill labels his family as worthless and embarrassments . rachel griffiths plays rhonda , who becomes muriel's cheeky new friend in the film . she has good chemistry with collette , and the film suffers when griffiths is off-screen . muriel's tormenters , played by pippa grandison , rosalind hammond , belinda jarrett and sophie lee , are two-dimensional caricatures , all saucy , vain and bumblingly spiteful , though that is probably due to hogan's scripting muriel's wedding is essentially a genre teen comedy with more intelligence and a lot of charm . hogan's use of abba tunes ( which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack ) is interestingly appropriate , although its repetitiveness tires after awhile . hogan's script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel's earnest quest for acceptance , and the gorgeous scene with muriel window-shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her . the glaring pastel colours worn by the performers is an interesting touch . muriel's wedding features a fine performance by toni collette and a charming , if a bit too straightforward and conventional story by p . j . hogan . on my four star scale , i give muriel's wedding three stars . 
director : michael winterbottom writer : hossein amini ( based on the novel " jude the obscure " by thomas hardy ) starring : christopher eccleston , kate winslet , liam cunningham , rachel griffiths , june whittfield , ross curvin turnball , james daley no , i did not read the novel by thomas hardy , " jude the obscure , " his final novel ( final because this film created such an outrage that he never wrote again - see : i did do some research on it ) about a man who is plagued with bad luck throughout his entire life . but , after watching the movie , i can imagine how incredibly depressing it is . " jude " is a satirical film from start to finish about society's way of spitting out and chewing up those unwanted in its system , but what's remarkable is how timeless this film is . the film takes place in the late 19th century ( or early 20th - wasn't really sure ) , but its story could even be retold today in modern form , although it'd be kinda different ( a given ) . it tells the story of jude ( christopher eccleston - the psychotic accountant from " shallow grave " ) - a simple , dim-witted young man with big dreams . in its bleak , foreboding opening , shot in grainy black and white , he gets a lesson from phillotson ( liam cunningham ) , his teacher : as they stand upon a mountain , looking upon a city in the distance , he says all you have to do is work hard and you can have anything in the world . after marrying and divorcing an immature woman named arabella ( rachel griffiths ) because they frolicked in the hay ( literally ) but did not ultimately share anything in common , he moves away to a town with a giant university , with a chance to learn more , and get ahead in life . taking a welding job , he works hard while studying constantly for his college bars , reciting latin over and over again , and training himself . but when he sends his application for the school in , he is bluntly told to just remain a worker . another reason for going to this town was because someone in his family lives there : sue ( kate winslet ) , his cousin and a very intelligent but kinda mischevious young woman who wants to be a school teacher . she and jude click eventually and become very endearing friends , so much that when she spends the night at his flat after running from her apprentice teacher job ( for none other than phillotson at the local school ) , there are rumors that she and jude did some nasty business ( nudge nudge ) . several twists turn in the storyline , and eventually jude and sue do do some nasty business ( an interesting scene , to say the least . . . ) , and are soon born into a controversial non-wedlock , as she eventually gives birth to their baby , and jude inherits his son from arabella , who turns up again after awhile . because they aren't married , and because they're cousins , they run into problems with every place they go to , carrying around two children everywhere , and only staying in lodges for a very brief period of time , then moving on . if you didn't think this was harsh enough , wait till you see what happens later on . . . the sad truth is that jude is one of the miserable people who can never get any luck in this world . he will never gain any true happiness , and any happiness that happens to him will be fleeting , and will probably bring more horrible instances to his life . part of it is his fault - he's too optimistic , and too gullible . but society has a way of taking these people , and hurting them until their death . the ending of " jude " is bleak because it has to be ( although i hear the ending of the novel is even worse - guess i'll have to read it now ) . " jude " offers a satirical view on society's cruelties , but shows no way of curing this , and thank heavens it doesn't . there's no way to relinquish the selfishness of society , and any solution would be too small to cure such a mass problem . satire has always been one of the few ways of changing certain people's minds , and that's what " jude " is . sure , it's one hell of a downer , but it needs to be . the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it . christopher eccleston ( slightly resembling richard edson with his new look and dumb expression ) plays jude wonderfully , sometimes bringing a big dumb smile to his face , and making him kind of child-like at other times . kate winslet , in a pre- " titanic " performance , is brilliant , nailing every psyche of her character , and creating someone who's troubled but very seductive with her personality . kate may be the best actress in her age group ( if you don't believe me , see " titanic , " branagh's " hamlet , " " sense and sensibility , " and " heavenly creatures , " the latter one being my favorite performance of hers ) . in the supporting roles , liam cunningham is a wonderfully flawed teacher , exposing all his bad parts , but ultimately being a pretty good person ; and rachel griffiths is wonderfully immature as jude's wife , whom he never divorces . " jude " moves at a very slow pace , and keeps taunting its viewers with chances of happiness for its protagonists , which would drive some people nuts . but those who appreciate good social commentary with their films , no matter how slow or downright depressing they are ( this one is both ) will appreciate " jude , " though i doubt anyone truly enjoys it . 
shakespeare . you hardly understood it in high school . why would you want more of it now that your english grade doesn't count on it ? if this is your attitude , then i'll say right off the bat that kenneth branagh's hamlet is probably not for you , and you might as well stop reading right now . if , however , you are a lover of the bard , or at the very least are open-minded about a challenging script , read on , for there is something rotten in the state of denmark . namely , the king has died , and his widow the queen has wed the king's brother , claudius , but prince hamlet suspects foul play . his suspicions are confirmed when the ghost of his father appears and relates the story of his murder at his own brother's hands . hamlet , enlisting the help of his friend horatio , conspires to capture the conscience of the new king to expose his treachery . . . . and the game is afoot . . . . the first things you notice about this production are the sets and costumes . with external scenes filmed at blemheim palace in england ( also the one of the sites for the recent the avengers ) , the grandiose quality of the setting is immediately established . interior scenes are similarly graced with intricate and flamboyant rooms and chambers . the hamlet castle's grand throne room is an impressive piece of work incorporating high ceilings , mirror-panel doors , and bridges which connect opposite sides of a second-story loft . costuming is equally grand , drawing upon both history and imagination . . not quite the denmark of the 1600's , the characters' attire is something of a cross between that era and turn of the century russia , very effectively giving the film more of a timeless feel . it is not surprising that tim harvey and alexandra byrne were nominated for best art direction and best costume design oscars , respectively . in addition to directing , kenneth branagh also plays the title character . as the revenge-driven royal heir , branagh provides a riveting performance of emotional highs and lows . from the anticipation of seeing his father's ghost , to the melancholy of finding the burial site of his childhood jester , to his eventual wrath , branagh delivers in spades . every scene truly revolves around hamlet , as much a tribute to branagh's acting and directing as to shakespeare's manuscript . hamlet seems to be a who's who of shakespearean-trained actors , so watching them perform the craft for which they have much love is a delight in itself . julie christie , as hamlet's mother gertrude , and derek jacobi as his murderous uncle claudius both fill the classic roles superbly , as do many of the supporting players . kate winslet as hamlet's lover ophelia , does an outstanding job demonstrating the character's plummet to the depths of dispair and madness . richard briers as ophelia's father , polonius , and michael moloney as her brother , laertes , are equally convincing . nicholas farrell as hamlet's trusted friend horatio , and timothy spall and reece dinsdale as the two-timing rosencrantz and guildenstern round out the excellent core cast . hamlet also seems to be a film in which someone tried to stuff as many well known actors as possible . in some cases , this made for interesting scenes . billy crystal is surprisingly good as the gravedigger who unearths the skull of yorick , whom hamlet knew quite well . crystal proves himself able to deliver the lines with both the timing of a classic actor and the verbal countenance of a comedian , and the result is a very funny scene . however , charleton heston , whom many might think would butcher shakespeare , is the biggest surprise of all . as the player king , the leader of a troupe of traveling actors , he is absolutely breathtaking when narrating the story of priam and hecuba . part of his monologue is overlaid with a visual enactment of the story ( with sir john gielgud and judi dench ) , but this is most unfortunate , for it robs heston of some of the attention which he deserves at this time . his off-camera speaking , while gripping , sort of downplays the scene to a narration done by any other well-voiced actor . i wish branagh had chosen to allow us to envision in our own minds the scene which heston lays out , and let the venerable actor have the attention . unfortunately , there were some casting choices which led to poor distractions . jack lemmon , an excellent actor , just can't do shakespeare . as marcellus , the guard who sees the elder hamlet's ghost , lemmon sadly underperforms and is shown up left and right by those around him . gerard depardieu , another talented actor , is wasted when given little more than the utterances of " yes , my lord " and " no , my lord " in the role of reynaldo . richard attenborough has a ( literally ) walk-on role , showing up at the eleventh hour as the english ambassador . i think he had two lines . then there is rufus sewell as fortinbras of norway . when i went to see dangerous beauty earlier this year , two ladies behind me kept commenting about how handsome he was . if bulging eyes are your idea of handsome , well i guess comic actor marty feldman was some kind of sex symbol to you . hamlet is a complicated tale of treachery and revenge in which triumph and defeat become one . branagh attempts to help us out with some of the intricacies by visually representing some of the more elusive stretches of dialogue by presenting them as flashback-type images . this only works about half the time , and i wonder if it would have been just as well to do without them . you don't have to be some kind of genius to appreciate shakespeare , but it is quite difficult to understand unless you have the time to read or hear it carefully and repeatedly . the alternate method of comprehension is that with which most of us are familiar , the high school english course . in it , you are hopefully fortunate enough to have an educator willing to help you with the plot points and nuances essential to understanding a play written in the rigmarole known as the king's english . or i suppose you could just read the cliff notes . 
rated r starring eddie murphy , martin lawrence , obba batabunde , lisa nicole carson , nick cassavettes , noah emmerich , bokeem woodbine , clarence williams iii written by robert ramsey & matthew stone directed by ted demme life , ted demme's wonderful new film , falls prey to the predator called marketing . anyone who has seen the film's trailer and/or poster will simply dismiss the film as another dumb eddie murphy or martin lawrence vehicle , either filled with offensive jokes or strictly for the kids . such things happen when an actors become typecast , as eddie murphy and martin lawrence have , but their new film , life , is as expansive as it's title indicates . ray and claude ( murphy and lawrence , respectively ) , two practical strangers living in harlem , meet when they are forced to retrieve many cases of beer for the local kingpin , spanky , because of debts they each owe . as they travel down to mississippi , they lose all of their money gambling to a hotshot whom they later find dead right in front of their eyes . the man was beaten to death by a cop , but the hicks who find the two black men suspect him immediately , and before they know it they are sentenced to prison for life ; hence the title . the mississippi state prison of life is a fairly lenient one . the prison is actually a large farm with no gates , but a boundary called the " gun line " . ray and claude form an unlikely partnership , even though claude still blames ray for getting them into the prison . among the colleagues they meet , the most memorable ones ( i forget his name , but it's long ) is a silent man ( bokeem woodbine ) who , because of his baseball ablility , is able to escape the prison for the negro leagues , and a homosexual inmate who is granted a pardon but decides to commit suicide instead of letting his parents see what's happened to him while in jail . as ray and claude get older , the film begins to grow on the viewer more and more . after a few failed escape attempts during their lifetime , the two men are beginning to ponder their own existence and wonder why they're wasting their time . but they never lose hope . these qualities of the film , among others , compare favorably with the oscar winning italian film life is beautiful . like life is beautiful , life's characters try to provide humor and dreams to get them through their suffering . ray sparks the interest of his cellmates when they all begin to dream about their place in ray's boom boom room , a nightclub in which they all play their own little part . ray and claude help prove the universal theory that hope and faith can get anyone through the worst of times . director ted demme ( beautiful girls , monument ave . ) , nephew of director jonathan demme ( silence of the lambs , philadelphia ) lets his actors shine in roles that flaunt their dramatic and comedic acting abilities . the film never really addresses subjects like racism head-on , but the film does , in a much deeper way , help unite a feeling of peace , instead of violence . the film then ends on a happy note , before subjecting the viewer to the unneccesary outtakes . but life is still one of the year's most unexpected surprises . the film pulls no punches in getting it's way to your heart , and it proves that life , though not always beautiful , is always worth living . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
director : michael hoffman screenplay : terrel seltzer and ellen simon producer : via rosa productions / fox 2000 pictures running time : approx . 108 minutes . cast : michelle pfeiffer , george clooney , mae whitman , alex linz rating : k , i admit i had a bad attitude about this film from the start . a romantic comedy about the trials and tribulations of single working parents ? with a couple of incredibly cute kids thrown in for good measure ? yuck . but it's not really too bad . it has a lot working against it , for me at least . in addition to the above , it is typical of a lot of recent movies in that it is really just a glorified made-for-tv movie , but longer and with bigger stars , and you have to pay to see it . it does win you over , though , even if it is painfully predictable . just think about it : two single parents , with their cute kids , are thrown together due to a missed field trip . through a day of near disasters , they cont inually meet , get in one another's way , cause trouble for one another , and generally insult one another at every opportunity . in fact , they hate each other so much that we know that they are , or soon will be , in love . the only people who hate each other more than lovers are married couples . so this film is predictable , just as the screwball comedies of the classical hollywood cinema were predictable ( and the screwball genre is obviously hoffman's model for this film ) . will they get fired from their yuppie jobs ? will they make the big soccer game that is so important to their kids ? will pfeiffer realize what a jerk her ex-husband , a drummer for bruce springsteen , really is ( aren't they all ? ) ? will they finally kiss ? well , what do you expect ? but there is a certain amount of satisfaction in having our expectations fulfilled , especially when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticky sentimentality , as it is in this film . pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistry together that is surprisingly charming , and the kids are neither shoved into the background nor allowed to steal the show . one word of caution , though . this film is being billed in some places as a " family " movie . don't let that stop you . however , i think most kids , especially boys , would be pretty bored by this move . after all , nobody gets killed and there are no explosions . all in all , a good , non-offensive date movie . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . this movie review was written for the flying inkpot : an arts and entertainment magazine from singapore . current film reviews can be found at :  " http : //www . inkpot . com/film/ 
written by : peter wang and shirley sunstarring : peter wang , sharon iwai , kelvin han yee , li qinqin , hy xiaoguang , shen guanglan synopsis : in this cultural exploration , a chinese american computer engineer named fang ( peter wang ) decides to take a month-long vacation to visit his sister mrs . chao ( shen guanglan ) , her husband mr . chao ( hy xiaoguang ) , and their teenage daughter lili ( li qinqin ) in beijing after 30 years of separation . fang brings his asian american wife grace ( sharon iwai ) and his college-aged son paul ( kelvin han yee ) along , both of whom don't speak chinese . the encounter between the two families allows the audience to compare the eastern and western cultures as well as the ambitions of individual characters . opinion : sometimes a film is plot driven . sometimes it's a character sketch . a great wall ( 1986 ) can be called a culture sketch , as opposed to a character sketch because it gently compares a chinese american family to a beijing family . fang's family is thoroughly americanized . fang is an upper middle class professional who enjoys jogging and argues with his boss . his wife can't cook chinese . his son has a white girlfriend and complains of racism when fang encourages him to befriend an asian girl . meanwhile fang's beijing sister advocates absolute loyalty to the 'work unit . ' her husband is a retired official who has heard rumors of american depravity ( homosexuals running the streets ) , and her daughter lili longs for american freedoms in a youth culture where studying for college entrance exams is the most important thing in life . the two families spend a month slowly learning about each other . there is no ultimate 'answer' or final comprehensive understanding after the month-long vacation . the film is neither here nor there ; it's a neutral , meandering , gentle , portrait of life on both sides . copyright © 1998 by david sunga this review and others like it can be found at the critic zoo : http : //www . criticzoo . com email : zookeeper@criticzoo . com 
starring james dean , natalie wood , sal mineo , jim backus , ann doran , corey allen , william hopper , and dennis hopper . " rebel without a cause " is such an important film in american history because it is a true analysis of youth in america that everyone of all ages can relate to . everyone feels that they are different in some way , that they don't belong in some places and " rebel without a cause " successfully shows on screen these universal emotions . no matter what generation you belong to , these feelings are present . this is why james dean is admired by america , because in this film he represents us all and his actions are actions that we would also execute . in our minds , we just try to do the right thing just like dean's jim stark does . not only does " rebel without a cause " display these universal emotions for all to relate to but it also shows that america has suffered a uniqe pattern in its social structure . each generation looks at its past generation without a strong connection . this is because times change and in response people change . no matter how popular you were once , as your generation grows older , newer breeds look at you in a different light . this is why stark and his friends never could form a strong relationship with their parents . even if their parents insisted that they were also rebellious and troublesome in the past , the teens could not believe this . in one humorous scene , stark , his girlfriend judy ( natalie wood ) , and his pal plato ( sal mineo ) pretend they are adults . they use upper class british accents and in their conversations they make it out to appear that kids are no good and should be ignored . this scene shows that what was once cool in a past generation is the complete opposite in another . speaking on behalf of my generation , i feel that dean has lost a lot of his coolness from our perspective as the years have grown by . the only ones who seem to still lionize him are those members of his generation . same goes for brando , redford , even deniro . i can only imagine how vaguely matt damon , ben affleck , and brad pitt will be viewed at the mid point of the twenty first century . will dean even be remembered when these newcomers are forgotten ? any film that sparks this kind of thought is certainly a milestone in american film . even if " rebel without a cause " has some ridiculous scenes ( the game of chicken - did people really act this way ? ) , an unbelievable conclusion ( how did everyone end up at the abandoned mansion at the end ? ) , and a silly romance ( wood declares her love for dean after talking to him for a couple hours ) it still is a fabulous film . the acting is so believable that it is no wonder that dean was considered the epitome of cool . now , however , the coolness is fading . . . 
mary norton's children's book series , the borrowers , has been made into several below-average television movies . so , i wasn't too enthused as i entered the theater for the big-screen debut of the minute clan . but i was in for a shock , the borrowers is actually a thoroughly delightful movie with plenty of good laughs and even some decent special effects . the lender family is being thrown out of their longtime home . their aunt , who owned the property , never left a will . now , an unscrupulous lawyer , ocious potter ( john goodman ) plans to demolish the house and replace it with an ultra-modern housing development . but the lenders are not alone in their house . living under the floorboards is a family of borrowers , 4 inch tall people who make their living as scavengers from the human " beans " above . the clock family of borrowers is as distressed as the lenders , especially once they discover the evil potter actually has a copy of the will which leaves the home to the lenders . so it is up to the clocks ( pod ( jim broadbent ) and homily ( celia imrie ) , along with their kids , arrietty ( flora newbigin ) and peagreen ( tom felton ) ) to recover the will and save the household . but when potter learns of the tiny people , he enlists the skills of exterminator jeff ( mark williams ) to kill off the clan . there's plenty of attention to detail in the borrowers , especially in the furnishings of the clock family house , made out of lost board game parts and credit cards . the background details are nearly as rich as the entertaining story . the various predicaments of the clock family are clever and thrilling . based on an original story , the screenwriters did a good job at imagining all the potential and unusual perils that could exist for a 4-inch tall person . as the villain , john goodman's performance veers on the edge of being over-the-top . but his performance suits the role well , and he does very well in the film's many slapstick moments . with a nearly seamless mix of oversized sets , bluescreen shots and cgi , the special effects in the borrowers are very well done . there are a few times when you can spot the effects at work , but none of them are so jarring that you lose the suspension of disbelief . hopefully the borrowers will surpass the curse of being labeled a children-only movie , for it is surprisingly entertaining and fun to watch . 
two girls and a guy ( fox searchlight - 1998 ) starring robert downey jr . , heather graham , natasha gregson wagner screenplay by james toback produced by edward r . pressman , chris hanley directed by james toback running time : 92 minutes note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . ------------------------------------------------------------- james toback's return to directing after a eight-year layoff , two girls and a guy , is a film which is comprised , more or less , of just that : one guy , blake ( robert downey jr . ) ; two girls , carla ( heather graham ) and lou ( natasha gregson wagner ) ; one primary setting ( blake's absurdly spacious bachelor apartment ) , and a great deal of dialogue . embracing a near real-time approach , this is a highly theatrical feature that completely hangs upon the performances of its three actors and the quality of the dialogue written by mr . toback for his bantering characters . fortunately , the film's cast is up to the challenge , and the wordy exchanges between the triad of characters , while admittedly variable , are occasionally wickedly amusing . the film's setup is fairly generic in nature , and opens rather unpromisingly . we meet self-possessed blonde carla and feisty brunette lou , both waiting outside a soho loft . as they engage in idle chatter , it is revealed that they're both waiting for their respective boyfriends to return from the airport , and it doesn't take long for them to come to the realisation that they're being two-timed by the same guy . more indignant with him than catty with each other , the duo break into blake's loft and await his arrival for a confrontation . it's when blake returns to his abode where the film hits its stride . played with magnificent bombast by mr . downey jr . , blake is a cad , all right , but a captivatingly dynamic , blusterous , and stealthy piece of work that bursts onto the scene and raises the stakes to new heights . it's fascinating to watch this character in his natural habitat , and perhaps the film's best choice was to have his two girlfriends scamper off into hiding upon his return , allowing us to size up blake not with his interactions with others , but by his own innate behaviour . whether he's flamboyantly behind his piano in a rollicking rendition of vivaldi , or on the phone leaving messages to his beloveds ( carla , lou , and his unseen sickly mother ) , it's never less than wildly entertaining and insightful . though at this point i almost hoped the film would transform into a one-man show -- a typical afternoon in the life of blake , if you will -- carla , and then lou , reveal themselves , and the sparks begin to fly . ( one of the great touches in the film is how blake , when startled by carla's unannounced appearance , begins to both verbally and physically backpedal even before he realizes that the cat's out of the bag . ) double-teamed by the understandably aggrieved women ( who are more smirkingly inquisitive than ferociously vengeful -- they want a justification for his ongoing hypocrisy ) , an increasingly-flustered blake weakly defends himself with apologetic and even self-righteous declarations against their verbal jabs . surprisingly delightful in the waltz of scathing witty banter shared by its trio of characters , two girls and a guy concludes its first sequence with an unexpected apoplectic act of such outrageous audacity that it seemed nothing was off-limits for this film . however , it'd be unfeasible to attempt to string along carla and lou's outrage to full feature-length , and it's as the movie gradually transforms into the sharing of exploratory profundities on the nature of fidelity and relationships that it slowly but surely begins to unravel . the dialogue becomes less and less engaging and clever , the film's tempo loses its liveliness , the dynamic between the characters evolves in unconvincing fashion , and several sequences fall flat . subtle and not-quite-subtle allusions are made ( a poster of jules et jim hangs prominently on the wall ) , and secrets are revealed which barrel the film toward an uncompelling weepy finale . one key turning point in the film is the kinky sex scene between blake and carla . two girls and a guy was embroiled in a bitter , long-running dispute with the mpaa with regards to this scene -- contractually-obligated to deliver an r-rated film , mr . toback was forced to resubmit fourteen scaled-down versions of the steamy interlude before the mpaa withdrew their nc-17 rating in favour of an r -- and while admittedly titillating , the net effect of the vignette on the film's thematic narrative is rather dubious . if anything , two girls and a guy serves as a showcase for the phenomenal talents of mr . downey jr . , whose versatility is put to the test in this film . he plays the gamut from indignant to humbled , from self-assured to disconcerted , yet his acting gears shift so smoothly as to not be registered . it's a wonderful performance in a role custom-tailored for him ; mr . toback wrote the screenplay in four days shortly after mr . downey jr . was arrested on drug charges , and it's hard not to see echoes of reality seeping into his character -- in a monologue to his mirrored reflection , blake's self-chiding to " get [his] shit together " is disquieting in its resonance . while mr . downey jr . 's showstopping performance is undoubtedly the primary strength of the film , both actresses are solid in more broadly-observed roles . ms . graham is quickly becoming one of america's more daring actresses , involving herself in three successive risky projects -- two girls and a guy and boogie nights are both quite sexually frank , while lost in space has a screenplay penned by akiva goldsman . she's quite appealing here , playing a character at once both dainty and sultry . meanwhile , ms . gregson wagner initially portrays lou with such an unwarranted spunk that audiences are likely to find it either annoying , or , like me , endearing . she tones it down substantially as the film progresses , but i found her more fun to watch as the artificially excitable chatterbox . the film was reportedly shot in eleven days , filmed mostly in sequence , and the resultant artifacts of this rapid shoot are evident throughout . two girls and a guy has an agile , spontaneous sort of feel , and one senses that mr . toback encouraged a good deal of improvisation from his three actors . while the film could be transposed directly to the stage more or less intact , it doesn't feel constricted ; the expansive apartment setting is well-used to vary the background , and mr . toback allows his camera to wander and linger on his characters in an effective manner . two girls and a guy falls short of its potential , but thanks to some stellar work by mr . downey jr . , it's still often an enjoyable , bitingly funny romp , particularly as we watch the surprisingly-resilient blake evasively try to rationalize his behaviour and even turn the tables on his girlfriends . " i'm an actor , " he tells them at one point , using the ol' tried-and-tested occupational-hazard defense . " actors lie . " but not , they all seem to agree , denzel washington . 
disaster films have a tendency to be very formulated and very cliched . to see a disaster film with actual originality , or at least a decent plot twist , would definitely be a welcome surprise . unfortunately , folks , it's not likely . dante's peak is cliched , and at times corny , but also pretty decent . to be honest , i wasn't very interested in seeing this film , and word of mouth , as well as several reviews , didn't make it sound promising . so i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie wasn't bad at all . it's pretty run of the mill , but it's not something i would say is merely " ok " to watch . in case you don't know , dante's peak is about a volcano and the city which lives in it's shadow , dante's peak ( who would've guessed , eh ? ) . pierce brosnan plays the volcanologist sent to study the volcano and , perhaps more by hunch than actual scientific proof , is determined that the volcano will be arupting in the very near future . due to the lack of more substantial evidence , nobody warns the small town , and when they finally do , it's in the middle of the town meeting that the volcano finally blows . brosnan , all around good guy , will , of course , save the day . . . or at least the mayor of dante's peak ( linda hamilton ) . naturally the two will become infatuated with one another . ( if you think i just ruined a plot development , you haven't seen very many movies ! ) there's also the virtually neccessary kids and pet dog to tug at your heart strings . and of course , the kids or the dog ( at least one or the other ) will do something heroic . . . but hey , i don't want to ruin all the surprises ! if there was a part of you that was hesitating seeing dante's peak merely because it was rumored to be a waste of time , i urge you to watch it and decide for yourself . it's not brain food , but it succeeds at what it's meant to be . . . an enjoyable , suspenseful movie about the fury mother nature can unleash ! 
directed by robert de niro . written by chazz palminteri ( based on his play ) . running time : 122 minutes . rated r ( for language and scenes containing violence ) . a bronx tale reminds me a lot of goodfellas . it stars robert de niro who also directed . it also has a cameo by joe pesci . i thought i even saw martin scorsece as a priest at a confessional . i began to think that this movie took it's style and grace from goodfellas . then it hit me that it reminded me of goodfellas because a bronx tale is almost as great . lorenzo ( robert de niro ) is a working man . he has a city job as a bus driver and makes enough to let his wife and son live well in an apartment in the bronx . he never got in the popular gangster business that ruled the area . the apartment he lives in in near a busy bar that is home to many of these gangsters . he tells his 9 year old son calogero ( francis capra ) to never go in there and to stay on his stoop in front of the complex . in a discussion earlier lorenzo talked to his son about talent . calogero asks him who was the best baseball player of all time . lorenzo tells him it was joey d ( imaggio ) because he has class and talent . calogero asks if he has any talent . lorenzo says that he has all the talent in the world and just needs to use it wisely . calogero witnesses a shooting while sitting on the stoop commited by the local main gangster sonny ( chazz palminteri who also wrote the script ) . when confronted by a police officer who is shown a line of suspects and asked who shot . the lineup consists of some of the workers and some gansters who were the bar . sonny is in the lineup . calogero walks past the line saying that none of the men commited the murder . lorenzo takes him upstairs to get him ready for bed . calogero asks his father if he did the right thing . lorenzo says " you did a very good thing for a very bad man . " cut to the late 60s . calogero ( now nicknamed c by sonny and played by lillo brancato ) now is 17 years old and one of sonny's " men " . lorenzo is shocked that his son has not listened to anything he has said through the years . c now has become everything lorenzo hates . a gangster who wants his money the second he asks . a bronx tale is actor robert de niro first directed film . he does a great job directing himself and others . some of the scenes such as a fight in the bar are very nicely edited and staged to music that sets the mood . palmenteri also does a great job as sonny and is both frightening and fatherlike in the same instant . lillo brancato is a great find and plays his part very well . he is a charming young actor who i hope has a good career . the film is also suprising funny . it is probably the most upbeat ganster picture if you don't count jonny dangerously ( which i don't ) . there is a great scene in the first 20 minutes where c narrates the people young calogero meets in the bar . some has nicknames like coffeecake ( the look of that man's face ) and whispers ( everything's a secret to him ) . the film ends suddenly and makes me ask for more . it is noticably very short considering goodfellas was about 20 minutes longer . still a bronx tale fills it's tight 2 hours with as much as it can . i wanted to spend more time finding out what happens to c . i doubt a sequel will be made but i'd still like to know . 
member of the 'internet movie critics association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html member of the 'online film critics society' http : //smart . sbay . com/ofcs/ if you look up the term 'overkill' in the dictionary you will see a picture of movie producer jerry bruckheimer . his production company tries to top itself with each outing and 'armageddon' is no exception . for a movie critic and in many ways it's the same for the general public at large , the film doesn't require a lot of thought , if any at all , and is meant to be a big budgeted , loud , extremely edited film with special effects that look like they're straight out of a comic book and the film's gothic design of a giant meteor is a glimpse straight into hell . one thing you have to understand in seeing a film like this ( and it's something i've said over and over again and i'll always say it ) is that it is beyond the realm of high brow criticism and deserves to be put in the category of happy medium . if you criticize the film too harshly , you'll look like a snob and if you judge it too well , you'll look like a fool . the genre of action films should be given a new category , that of 'expected action' film as you know what to expect as soon as you see the coming attractions . 'armageddon' certainly aims to please and has more edits in a ten second span than any other film i've seen and corners are not cut in the special effects department . my harshest criticism of this film is that it doesn't require any big name stars because the film is so overwhelming technically that the biggest movie star in the world would get lost in the mix . and yet , the big names are there . as the film opens , the narration is conducted by charlton heston , whose biblical past in films seems appropriate here as he describes an event of biblical proportions . we hear how a description of a meteor's impact 65 million years ago on earth comes to fruition which allegedly wiped out the dinosaurs . some theories i've read over the years tend to favour that that impact is now the grand canyon in arizona u . s . a . skip forward to the present day . a meteor the size of texas is on a collision course with earth and the only way to destroy it seems to be to land a space shuttle on it with a group of core drillers that will grind a hole in it , drop a nuclear explosive in it and break it up so that the concussion that follows will cause the remaining particles to miss our planet . i'm not sure that this would necessarily work but then again bad science is always a factor in films like this just as it was ludicrous to believe that will smith and jeff goldblum could fly that alien space craft into the mother ship in 'independence day' and upload that infamous computer virus to destroy all the surrounding ships hovering over the major cities of the world . dumb ? sure . but embracing the idea of suspension of disbelief is as old as the film industry itself . bruce willis stars as the best core driller in the world . he's an aspiring oil man and the first time we see him he's chipping golf balls from his off shore rig at a greenpeace boat , filled with protesters who duck each time a golf ball comes their way and clangs off a beam just over their heads as willis laughs . one of his crew ( ben affleck ) is having an affair with his daughter ( liv tyler ) and other members of willis' crew ( will patton , steve buscemi ) work closely as his best friends . willis is called in by a nasa chief ( billy bob thornton ) who explains the impending doom and asks willis to apply his core drilling skills and destroy the rocky menace . willis agrees only if he can have his own men brought along and their training is a scene straight out of 'the right stuff' only it crosses with some slapstick and looks more like the wrong stuff and this scene is aloof . in reality , not all of these men would pass the training course to cut the mustard is taking a trip to outer space and this plot hole is about the silliest the film has to offer . the most unusual character in the film is a russian cosmonaut on board the space station mir played by peter stormare . the 'fargo' reunion is in this film . he and steve buscemi appeared in 'fargo' and are in this film . you remember stormare as the thug who didn't say too much in 'fargo' and who eventually cuts buscemi's head off with an axe and stuffed him into a wood chipper . stormare even sports the same type of winter hat he had in 'fargo' and i'm wondering if it's an in joke here . ditto on the 'pulp fiction' reunion . 'pulp fiction' even gets mentioned in 'armageddon' by one of the cast . 'armageddon' has bruce willis and steve buscemi . buscemi plays the buddy holly waiter in 'pulp fiction' . the other giant meteor film , 'deep impact' , released earlier this year is better than this film because it had the human element more tightly wound around it plot line and there really is no good reason why 'armageddon' has to be two and a half hours long . there are too many silly scenes of corny dialogue and too much time is spent at the site of the meteor which doesn't look convincing but the film's saving grace is its eye popping special effects , booming sound effects and clever sets which tower over the entire production . director michael bay ( 'the rock' , 'bad boys' ) never gives the audience a chance to breathe and a bit more subtlety would have been nice and while it is often said that less is more , 'armageddon' is still good to look at and a treat to listen to and while the film comes out looking exactly the way the film makers intended it to , it can't be all that bad but it's a film you'll only want to see once . 
" when it's cold , molecules aren't moving . everything is clean . " these are the essential words of mikey carver ( elijah wood ) , a young teenage boy living in 1973 new canaan , connecticut in the ice storm . when mikey delivers these words to a bored science class , it is unlikely that anyone realizes how much they parallel mikey's life and the lives that surround him . his father jim ( jamey sheridan ) is rarely seen and his mother janey ( sigourney weaver ) is having an affair with married neighbor ben hood ( kevin kline ) . ben's wife elena ( joan allen ) suspects the affair , but doesn't say anything . meanwhile , ben's 14-year-old daughter wendy ( christina ricci ) continuously lures mikey and his younger brother sandy ( adam hann-byrd ) into sexual explorations . tobey maguire plays paul hood , the 16-year-old narrator of the story who also happens to be the least prevalent character . we start the film with an interesting outlook on family from paul . he compares family to the fantastic four comic book , and even goes so far as to say that family is everybody's own anti-matter ; something everybody will return to eventually , and the farther you go , the deeper you'll return . the ice storm is a character piece that explores a dismal time both in america , and in the individual lives portrayed in the movie . everything parallels everything else . the young teenagers trying to discover who they are thru drugs , sex , and alcohol is really almost identical to the parents trying to figure out the purpose in their own lives using the same methods . " when it's cold outside , the molecules aren't moving . everything is clean . " everything is clean because nobody will admit what's going on . even the president is on tv denying his wrong-doings . how can you expect anything more out of a couple of suburban families riding the coattails of sexual revolution ? all the sex and drugs is so obviously empty , and i think that's the point of the film . at first viewing , the entire movie might seem empty , but then why shouldn't it parallel itself ? you don't get to know the characters very deeply , but i think that's because nobody in the movie knows each other either . we sadly watch two families go about their lives nearly oblivious to one another . at first glance , you might think emotion is lost in the ending scenes because you haven't gotten to know the characters well enough to sympathize - then you realize that just might be the point , and then you do feel the pain . the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood . he doesn't seem to be receiving as much recognition as the others , but i still found him to possess quite a real sense of being . christina ricci is being acclaimed for her part as the misguided teenage temptress who looks for something more to her life in the pants of every available boy . still , i say hats off remain to wood , joan allen's subtle but believable performance as a lonely , unappreciated wife , and the always excellent kevin kline . tobey maguire did a fine job , but his character which , perhaps , was the most intact , sensible person in the story , seemed a little lost . he was needed , but perhaps he should've been used more . the ice storm is being hailed by many as one of the best films of the year . i hate to say that i don't agree , but i don't . in fact , i can think of many other films that i would rank higher than this one . even so , it is a very good film . it takes a lot of retrospect to fully appreciate it's art , but when you finally start seeing things in it that you didn't before , you start to grow even fonder of the characters and the story . perhaps this is one to see , ponder , and then watch again with different eyes . 
cast : geena davis , hugh laurie , jonathan lipnicki , jeffrey jones , brian doyle-murray , estelle getty , julia sweeney , dabney coleman , allyce beasley , harold gould , jon polito , jim doughan featuring the voices of : michael j . fox , nathan lane , chazz palminteri , steve zahn , jim doughan , david alan grier , bruno kirby , jennifer tilly written by : m . night shyamalan and greg brooker directed by : rob minkoff running time : 85 minutes george little ( jonathan lipnicki ) wants a little brother . after mr . and mrs . little ( hugh laurie and geena davis ) visit the orphange , they decide to adopt stuart , a talking mouse ( voiced by michael j . fox ) . george isn't so fond of his new brother when stuart arrives at the little house , and neither is snowbell the family cat ( voiced by nathan lane ) . george and stuart eventually bond while preparing for a remote control boat race , but snowbell wants stuart out of the house ( he's unable to live with the taunts of other neighborhood felines saying it's ridiculous that a mouse has a pet cat ) . stuart little is a mix of live action and computer generated imagery ( cgi ) . the character of stuart , while obviously a computer generated image , grows on you as the film progresses and you'll soon see him as much more than a mere special effect . there is also a great deal of animal training involved with this film , as many of the " supporting cast " are actual cats ( with computer animated mouths so they can speak ) . it's fascinating to watch these cats give performances without an actual mouse to interact with . stuart little is a charming family film . there are some great laughs in the movie ( with a script co-written by the sixth sense's m . night shyamalan no less ! ) , some moments that can only be described as " too cute " ( the boat race sequence is what won me over ) and even the majority of the one-liners ( common nowadays in children's films or films featuring nathan lane ) are tolerable . kids and parents will love this one . stuart little is available on dvd from columbia tristar home video . there are two different dvds on sale : one contains the film in full frame , and the other presents the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 66 : 1 . both versions feature choices of either dolby surround or dolby digital 5 . 1 audio . both versions also contain the following extras ( and hang in there with me here . . . there's a lot of them ) : a full length audio commentary track by director rob minkoff and animation supervisor henry anderson , a full length audio commentary track by the visual effects supervisors , an isolated score track , an interactive trivia game , an interactive featurette that goes step by step through eight of the effects in the film , a making of documentary that originally aried on hbo , and a stuart little read-along story ( which you can read yourself or have stuart read for you ) . there are also three music videos , and six theatrical trailers ( called thecatrical trailers . . . get it ? it's funny ! ) for stuart little and five other columbia tristar releases : the adventures of elmo in grouchland , madeline , the nuttiest nutcracker , muppets from space , and baby geniuses ( the only bad thing about this entire dvd . . . i did not want to be reminded of the awfulness that is baby geniuses ) . dvd-rom features are also on the disc , including web links and a demo of the stuart little cd-rom game . but wait . . . there's still more ! there's a section called " basement treasures " where you will find the auditions of the film's animators , six deleted scenes which you can select to view with or without commentary from the director , a visual effects gag reel , a production gag reel , and an incredible eight minute storyboard sequence detailing the original concept for the boat race scene ( with commentary from the director ) . the first commentary track features director rob minkoff and animation supervisor henry anderson . they give insightful and detailed thoughts about the film's production . minkoff likes to point out scenes where other screenwriters came in and polished up the script , namely writers like scott alexander and larry karaszewski ( who wrote the people vs . larry flynt and ed wood ) and lowell ganz and babaloo mandel ( who wrote splash and multiplicity , among others ) . anderson is very appreciative of the animators who worked with him and often points out which animator worked on each scene as they occur . the second commentary track features visual effects supervisors john dykstra and jerome chen who discuss more specific details of the effects in the film . movie fans will enjoy the informative first commentary track , serious animation buffs will love the second one . now i know this is slightly off topic , but it is related specifically to this dvd so i must voice this now . one of the music videos on the disc is for a song called " i need to know " by a group called r angels . this video features four mid-teenage girls ( the singers obviously ) having a slumber party . the girls ask a ouija board " i need to know . . . who to do , who to do , who to do " as the song begins . they then sneak out of their house , and along the way they strike a pose and their slumber party pajamas are magically transformed into middle class streetwalker outfits . then they head to a party and dance suggestively with the guys while singing lyrics like " i'll be your pleasure all the time . . . just say the words that you'll be mine " . um . . . what the hell ? what does this have to do with stuart little ? how is this in any way a song suitable for a kids movie , let alone a video suitable for a kids movie on dvd ? when the video concludes , the words " to be continued " appear . oh i can't wait to see who they've slept with when the toy story 2 dvd comes out . kids won't care about most of the special features on this dvd , but those of us who can sometimes be turned into a " kid at heart " thanks to a winning family film sure appreciate them . this is the way to do dvd , a good movie loaded with great features at a reasonable cost . the di$ney people could learn a lot from columbia tristar . reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
starring phillip baker hall , melora walters , john c . reilly , melinda dillon , philip seymour hoffman , jason robards , tom cruise , julianne moore , jeremy blackman , michael bowen , william h . macy , ricky jay , henry gibson , felicity huffman , and luis guzman . the film " magnolia " can be compared to a simple flower as its title and movie poster suggests . the dozens of characters introduced and developed are like the petals on the flower . they all come from the same stem and as the flower begins to develop they grow farther and farther apart . the numerous characters in the film are all closely connected no matter how different they are from one another socially . from a humiliated but kind cop to an aging game show host , each one of these characters is suffering the same kind of pain . they are each seriously lonely and seek the perfect companion to end this loneliness . whether this companion is a distant family member or a spouse , each character begs for one and spends the whole film searching for the perfect one . " magnolia " is a clever , well thought out film from prodigy director-writer paul thomas anderson of " boogie nights " fame . the detailed character analyses and the powerful script make " magnolia " memorable . however , what really is impressive is that even though there are tons of characters in several unrelated stories , the film is never confusing . anderson's control over transitioning from one story to another story is masterful . he also knows exactly when to cut to another subplot since not one of " magnolia's " scenes drag on too long . any three hour film that does not deliver even one uninteresting scene is definitely worth recommending . from the fascinating beginning to the risky yet surprisingly satisfying ending the film just doesn't get boring . it is obvious that anderson put a lot of time into connecting each subplot . this is the ultimate game of six degrees of separation . every character is connected to every other character by at the most two degrees . for example , cop john c . reilly is connected to game show host phillip baker hall through hall's daughter melora walters who once went on a date with reilly . the fact that each character is so different from the others yet so similar shows that there are universal pains that all classes , races , and genders suffer . anderson's explanation to prove this point is both accurate and convincing . the only mistake anderson made in trying to connect his characters was by making his actors all sing an aimee mann song simultaneously . this was foolish not only because it was unbelievable and hilariously erroneous but also because it had a broadway musical feel to it and this movie is about as far apart from your typical broadway musical than you can get . the performances in " magnolia " are perfection . this is a classic example of flawless casting and flawless ensemble acting . anderson allows many of hollywood's best supporting actors to blossom at what they do best , character acting . all of the main characters in each story are perfect because they are able to reveal more emotions and attitudes in their brief time on the screen then most movie stars can do in a feature length film . worth noting is tom cruise , who stepped out of his usual superficial starring role and into a funny but depressing tour de force performance . he was probably noticed more than the other actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past ( however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints ) the only problem i had with the acting was that a few of the characters felt seriously edited down such as melinda dillon's character as phillip baker hall's wife . she seemed to be thrown in towards the end and i felt very little sympathy for her because i had not seen her enough earlier in the film . " magnolia " uses several effective metaphors to describe its characters . anderson has the talent to make the audience sympathetic towards numerous people in only a few hours . to see that anderson is able to perfectly portray this many different types of people shows that he has a keen sense of diversity . diversity is what makes a director successful for a long period of time . i predict a lot of diversity and success from anderson in the future . 
reviewed by harvey karten , ph . d . touchstone pictures director : robert redford writer : eric roth , richard la gravenese , novel by nicholas evans cast : robert redford , kristin scott thomas , sam neill , dianne wiest , scarlett johansson , chris cooper in his fluffy play " california suite , " neil simon's tense , chain- smoking new york magazine writer visits her laid-back ex-husband in southern california . he , bill warren , cannot understand why his ex continues to live in the fast-paced big city while she , hannah warren , is appalled by what she considers bill's sloth . their mutual incomprehension continues long after their marriage has dissolved . the writer does not take sides , but rather implies that while there's no place like home , human beings must decide for themselves where they prefer to be . robert redford , on the other hand , does take a stand in the conflict between city mouse and country mouse . the celebrated actor , who surpassed paul newman as the country's most popular performer during the 1970s , maintains a home in manhattan but spends most of his time on his vast properties in utah . his inclination is with the open spaces , or so you'll have to believe if you accept " the horse whisperer " as his adulation of the american west . " the horse whisperer " is filmed primarily in montana , where the grass grows tall and for some is greener on the other side . for others , less jaded , this turf is the color of the finest emerald . the movie , which stars robert redford ( who also directed and co-produced the story from a best-selling novel by the english writer nicholas evans ) , deals with a woman who edits a slick , urban magazine , is vaguely dissatisfied with her marriage to a good man , and who finds passion and meaning among people who live in a different world . annie maclean ( kristin scott thomas ) lives with her lawyer husband robert ( sam neill ) and their 14-year-old daughter grace ( scarlett johansson ) . on one snowy day in their upstate new york country home , young grace goes for a ride with her friend on her beloved horse pilgrim . a freak accident throws her friend from her horse where she is pulled along the ground . grace's attempt to rescue her pal puts both in the path of a skidding 18-wheeler , killing her friend , injuring pilgrim severely , and causing grace to lose part of her right leg . annie must now cope with a teenager who is plunged into depression and a badly damaged horse which has become so traumatized that he turns feral . the scenario brings to mind a news event which broke just two weeks before the opening of the picture . . . * * * nolensville , tenn . ( ap may 5 ) -- an enraged horse known for being unruly kicked a man to death . sheriff's sgt . robert dillon said tuesday that billy camron , believed to be 64 , suffered severe injuries to his head , back and other parts of his body and also had several bite marks . dillon quoted camron's son as saying " it was just a mean horse . " deputies said they found the horse running " rampant in the field " when they arrived monday night . the son authorized the horse to be killed . * * * pilgrim , however , had never been a mean horse and had , in fact , tried to protect his rider from injury . wounds inflicted on him had turned him into a untamed beast , and annie rejects the advice of her vet ( cherry jones ) to " put him down " seeking out a horse whisperer to restore his sanity . " the horse whisperer " encompasses two epic stories during its ample , 164-minute span . on one level , the picture deals with the attempts of the title character , tom booker ( robert redford ) to administer to a psychotic animal using a technique unknown in the east and , in fact , even in his own country . as booker puts it , he does not treat people with a horse problem ; he handles horses with people difficulties . on another plane , " the horse whisperer " is a romance involving a slowly-growing relationship between a gentle rancher who has not felt the pangs of love since he split up with his wife , and an edgy , urban sophisticate who had not realized she could respond in a vigorous way to a man . the heady effect of the plains spirit works its mysteries on young grace as well , who is lifted from her grand funk under the influence of the sensitive horseman and the kindness of the extended family of ranchers she has grown to respect . redford seems to have chosen the subject to venerate a way of life which is fading under the sway of the large corporations : the spirit of the independent cowboys who appear so remote from the attractions of the big city that they might be living on mars . they are contrasted with what passes for civilization by some clever , homespun dialogue . told that a new york woman has come to spend time in montana , frank booker ( chris cooper ) , tom's brother , suggests " mixed salads . . . new york women like mixed salads " --as he and his family dig into their robust dinner of meat , mashed potatoes and thickly-buttered bread . the bookers seem to amaze grace and annie momentarily when they recite a quiet prayer just before digging into their spread , though frank's down-home wife diane ( dianne wiest ) , not wholly satisfied by her life , wistfully suggests that she would like to travel to morocco . yet another jarring difference between montana and manhattan emerges when annie's cell phone goes off , alarming the horse whom tom is struggling to tame . a city dweller could scarcely imagine tom's patience when in one incident , as pilgrim runs away from his corral , the horse is captivated by the patient tom who simply sits on the grass and stares at the animal for hours as if to say " it's your decision . " you come away from the movie with a more visceral understanding of why kevin bacon and peter fonda spend most of their time on their montana ranches and why redford would choose to live in utah , spending only a fraction of his year in new york . redford's is a west of marlboro men who don't smoke , rough-and tumble cowpokes who don't curse , and squeaky-clean kids who say " ma'am " and " thank you " and are genuinely involved in the chores on their ranch . in short it's about home , perhaps the most important word in the english language . in redford's terms happiness belongs to those who have found it . scarlett johansson provides us with a believable performance of a fun-loving girl who , like her cherished equine , turns bratty from a serious injury but who has become wholly rehabilitated under the guidance of a considerate man . kristin scott thomas effectively bares her conflict between a devotion to her dependable and loving husband and her passion for a westerner who is firmly rooted to his place and its history . robert redford continues to amaze . this sixty- year old , impossibly handsome actor will probably continue playing square-jawed , sky-eyed , lonely heroes well into his eighties , and we don't wonder that after seeing the movie " indecent proposal , " a young man in the audience who said to his date : " would you sleep with him for a million dollars ? " gets the reply from the sweet young thing , " sure : but you'll have to give me some time to raise the money . " rated pg-13 . running time : 164 minutes . ( c ) harvey karten 1998 
writer : scott b . smith ( based on his novel ) starring : bill paxton , billy bob thornton , bridget fonda , brent briscoe , chelcie ross , becky ann baker , jack walsh , gary cole it's been a good long while since we had a good old fashioned thriller , where mostly everything goes right for the audience and wrong for the characters , but it's been even longer since i saw a thriller that actually * shock * cared for the characters , not merely judged them but actually allowed their human foibles , flaws , and strengths to emerge so radiantly . i'd saw that it's been at least a couple decades , even as far back to the great hitchcock thrillers , though i'm hardly comparing " a simple plan " to , say , " rear window " or " strangers on a train . " yet it's almost as good . it's simple , yet strangely complex , and astonishingly rewarding , because instead of moving from plot point to plot point , and merely laying out they-might-be-caught overtones , it instead concerns itself with the moral corruption and depths of greed that its protagonists can go to , all without ever judging them as either evil or even immoral . elegantly directed by sam raimi ( yes , the same ) , " a simple plan " concerns itself with the discovery of a crashed plane and within a bag full of millions of dollars by an upright , moderately financially stable working man ( bill paxton ) , his dim-witted brother ( billy bob thornton ) , and his drinking buddy ( brent briscoe ) . without anyone around , and the possibility that no one would come looking for it , the three debate and debate but finally reach the decision that yes , they will keep it , but until any authorities or possible owners of the cash come looking , and so they generally don't flaunt anything they don't want to flaunt , they'll keep it stored away in the custody of paxton . the possibilites of this circumstance are much diverse : a ) they could endlessly play cat and mouse with the authorities ; b ) they could try to fight off the rightful owners , who are either villainous or just ; or c ) they could fight amongst themselves . " a simple plan , " though borrows a little from each of these . a little tiff with the cops here , a subplot involving an alleged fbi agent ( a chilling gary cole ) there ) , and a bit of inside feuding over here . but , as austin powers would say , that's not necessarily its bag ( baby ) . what i most admired about this film , and what makes this a far superior and unique thriller is that it's successfully able to have its cake and eat it too . it effectively involves some of the traditional thriller cliches , like the ones mentioned above , but at the same time , it involves itself more deeply with the way the characters become morally corrupt and what price they have to pay to have what they think is happiness in a black duffle bag . so while steps are taken to neatly cover things up , and these subsequent steps go miserably awry , the film choses to never loose the sight that in covering things up to the extent that these characters have to , they are slowly losing their souls and their humanity . in one early scene , paxton and thornton have to make a trip back to the plane to return some of the money so it doesn't look like it was all stolen ( not a bad idea ) , when thornton screws up ( as he does continuously throughout the movie ) , and paxton has to do some major covering-up ( read : homicide ) . instead of a quick murder and immeadiate hands-washing , raimi shows a lengthy , painful shot from a low-angle onto paxton's face as he tries to sift through his emotions and reach a conclusion . there's a similar shot afterwards of paxton watching the murder he's committing and taking in all the horror which is also wonderfully effective , but the previous shot is even better : more morally complex and more gut-wrenching . in short , probably the best piece of direction raimi's ever done , demonstrating once again that sometimes the simplest way to do something yields the best results ( for further proof , watch " persona " 's " sex scene " and witness what may be the best scene ingmar bergman's ever done ) . but the film hardly stops here ; it follows completely through and rarely loses sight of its characters humanity and the depletion thereof . yet it also moves from step to step in such a graceful method that we never feel like the film is merely stamping out the plot points of the story . when the time comes for paxton to start becoming selfish and thus diabolical ( with aid from his pregnant wife , played by bridget fonda , a pal to raimi ) , he does , and soon the horror of the situation is escalating to tragic heights . there's at least two grand shootouts , and at least one of them may be one of the greatest shootouts in cinema history , and when they arrive , they don't come with masochistic delight but with cringe-inducing horror . during the one , i was actually sinking into my chair , with the mantra " they can't do this , can they ? " streeming through my head . in fact , this film , which is getting many comparisons to the coen's [superior , but forget about it] " fargo , " has many similar moments of manic insanity , attributed to the major amount of subtlety and restraint with which the directors direct what , in other hands , would be over-the-top distractedness ( imagine , i suppose , robert rodriguez directing this . . . then again , after seeing the " evil dead " films , i'd hardly assume raimi would be able to pull something like this off , although there are moments of the film which are easily dubbed " raimi " moments , a rifle-shot notwithstanding ) . instead , raimi directs with maturity and a gentle touch , easily letting the story and characters co-exist , while still letting some of the more traditional raimi elements come out , like some offbeat comic touches . most particularly , billy bob thornton's character , jacob , is a brilliant creation . his dim-wittedness is often hilarious ( for most of the film , every line he uttered was greeted with howling laughter ) , but there's authenticity to the performance that strangely enough makes sure that we're not totally laughing at him . the chuckles he gets are not necessarily ones of full-condescension because thornton is so damn real . jacob's a multi-dimensional character , and while being stupid , we see that as not so much a flaw , but a strength to his character : his simplicity is endearing and many of the acts he commits are out of a strong inner strength and belief system , primarily towards the middle where his bud and co-conspirator begins to make some heavy waves concerning the money . the final third of the film spends much time with him , and many of the touches upon his character , not only by thornton but also by screenwriter scott b . smith ( adapting his own book , by the way ) are just great . i particularly admired a back story about an old high school girlfriend , told by thornton with such sincerity and acception that the cruel story is reversed to near-sweetness and further strength of his saddened character . thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance , by far the best performance he's ever given and further proof that he's the best character actor in contemporary cinema ( if you don't believe me , go back and watch his wonderful performance in " primary colors , " a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this hadn't been in the same year ) because he's easily able to slip into a character , and make him completely and utterly believable . he brings so much weight to the film that , as it is with most character actors , it's difficult picturing anyone else in the role . the rest of the cast is great too , from paxton's declining working man to chelcie ross' amiable town sheriff . even fonda shows off her talents nicely . and if i had any complaints about the film , it's that the plot is almost too simplistic , and that at times , it seems too much like an exercise , like a cruel test on humanity that still pays attention to the humanity involved . and the occasional narration is , as it usually is , annoying ( narration should be used with extreme caution , especially when you're trying to set things up and/or express emotions - didn't raimi watch the first murder scene ? ) . and , the thing that can most usually go wrong with a movie , the ending is basically amiss . i won't reveal it , but it's way too cruel and too much of an outsider set-up , as if the appearance of a plane wasn't already too much of that anyway . for a film that deals so much and so intimately with the humanity of the characters involved , this is the wrong ending . imagine a character-controlled ending ; otherwise , it's like if in " crime and punishment " if the police had caught him instead of him breaking down and confessing . . . not that i'm at all comparing " a simple plan " to dostoevsky . the ending does work , despite my protestations , but to me , there was something incessantly nagging and unsatisfying about it ; but if you had no qualms and were happy as a clam with it , then just ignore me and go about your day . but despite my mere claims , make no mistake that i was completely and utterly edge of my seat throughout , and even sometimes curdling up by the situations that occured , not because of any kind of gore factor ( which is , thankfully for this , very minimal ) , but because the film places its characters in situations and gives them such painful things to overcome that i've frankly not seen much like it in quite awhile . at least not since the previous worthy hitchcockian masterpiece . 
you've got mail works alot better than it deserves to . in order to make the film a success , all they had to do was cast two extremely popular and attractive stars , have them share the screen for about two hours and then collect the profits . no real acting was involved and there is not an original or inventive bone in it's body ( it's basically a complete re-shoot of the shop around the corner , only adding a few modern twists ) . essentially , it goes against and defies all concepts of good contemporary filmmaking . it's overly sentimental and at times terribly mushy , not to mention very manipulative . but oh , how enjoyable that manipulation is . but there must be something other than the casting and manipulation that makes the movie work as well as it does , because i absolutely hated the previous ryan/hanks teaming , sleepless in seattle . it couldn't have been the directing , because both films were helmed by the same woman . i haven't quite yet figured out what i liked so much about you've got mail , but then again , is that really important ? if you like something so much , why even question it ? again , the storyline is as cliched as they come . tom hanks plays joe fox , the insanely likeable owner of a discount book chain and meg ryan plays kathleen kelley , the even more insanely likeable proprietor of a family-run children's book shop called , in a nice homage , the shop around the corner . fox and kelley soon become bitter rivals because the new fox books store is opening up right across the block from the small business . little do they know , they are already in love with each other over the internet , only neither party knows the other person's true identity . the rest of the story isn't important because all it does is serve as a mere backdrop for the two stars to share the screen . sure , there are some mildly interesting subplots , but they all fail in comparison to the utter cuteness of the main relationship . all of this , of course , leads up to the predictable climax . but as foreseeable as the ending is , it's so damn cute and well-done that i doubt any movie in the entire year contains a scene the evokes as much pure joy as this part does . when ryan discovers the true identity of her online love , i was filled with such , for lack of a better word , happiness that for the first time all year , i actually left the theater smiling . * homepage at http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/boulevard/7475 * * complimentary movie ticket courtesy of valley cinemas at http : //www . movie-tickets . com 
the booming introduction music finishes , and the camera sweeps over red mountains . we see two figures looking over a barren , and very red landscape . they kiss , then walk on . one of the characters ( schwarzenegger ) slips , and falls . the glass on his mask cracks . his face scruches up , and his eye's begin to pop . . . . . then doug quaid , played by schwarzenegger , wakes up . it's all been a dream . he wakes up next to his beautiful wife , played by stone , and the film begins . . . total recall is a typical sci-fi film wrapped around an intresting ( if far fetched ) plot . quaid , who has never been to mars , keeps on having dreams of the planet , which has now been colanised . one day , while riding on a train , he's see's a ad for a company called 'rekall' , which implants memories of a holiday , instead of you actually going there yourself . quaid chooses the 'secret agent on mars' memory , and then the s * * * really hits the fan . the implant goes wrong , and quaid really thinks he is an agent on mars for about two minutes , until he goes back to normal and can't remember a thing . however , everyone he knows ( his workmates , his wife ) turn against him , saying how 'blabbed about mars' and 'blew his cover on the mission' a strange man , called richter , played by ironside , wants to kill him . quaid , now hopelessly confused , follows the advice given to him , by a 'friend' . he get's his ass to mars . mars is ruled by cohagen , played by cox , who charges people for air . against him are the rebels , who are mainly mutants . the rebel's need quaid to defeat cohagen , because quaid knows ( but can't remember yet ) about a reactor that produces air . eventually , quaid kills cohagen , turns on the reactor , saves the planet , and goes away with a beautiful girl , just like the guy at rekall promised him . throughout this plot , there is huge explosions , thousands of deaths ( and i mean a lot of death ) swearing , sex , and everything else that make's a good verhoeven ( director of basic instinct and starship troopers ) movie . naturally , there's some pretty imaginative deaths , with arms getting ripped off , someone getting drilled , and heads exploding . as you can tell , it's violent stuff . but it's done so stylishly , and of course arnie tones it down with a one liner , that's it excusable . the acting is variable . arnie , of course , is useless , but he goes has some good lines , and in the first twenty minutes , he even act's like a normal bloke , not like some action hero . stone , of course , is useless , making a pretty poor wife , and a pretty poor action hero . but , she does sex scenes alright . ticoton ( most recently seen in con air ) , again , is ok , doing some good action , but getting her emotions all wrong . one minute she hates quaid , the next she loves him , and she never gets this tranisition right . so , the good guys are awful . but , the bad guy's are excellent . cox is basically reprising robocop , but he's still great in this , and he delivers the best line in the whole film near the end . ironside is superbly evil , with an utterly emotionless face . the supporting cast are fine , and not even the comedy sidekick ( this time in the form of a taxi driver ) is annoying . one disappointing aspect , though , are the special effects . ilm and dreamquest do some good work ( such as a subway station scene ) but the model work is not so good . some of the model heads look appaling fake , and quatto is a major disappointment . another irritating thing is the product placement . there are a lot of plugs ( and a good mars today gag ) however , the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film aren't too bad either . there's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture ) overall , then , total recall is a hugely violent , yet hugely enjoyable , action fest , with a reasonable plot thrown in there too , some great bad guys , and some imaganitive death . for a schwarzenegger movie , this is not bad at all . in fact , it's very good . 
i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than thrilling twister . twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with . but twister had amazing effects and i was hoping so would volcano volcano starts with tommy lee jones at emo . he worrys about a small earthquake enough to leave his daughter at home with a baby sitter . there is one small quake then another quake . then a geologist points out to tommy that its takes a geologic event to heat millions of gallons of water in 12 hours . a few hours later large amount of ash start to fall . then . . . . it starts . the volcanic eruption . . . . i liked this movie . . . but it was not as great as i hoped . i was still good none the less . it had excellent special effects . the best view . . . the helecopters flying over the streets of volcanos . also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting . so . . . it was good ! ! 
david mamet is a good director . mamet's an even better screenwriter and playwright . the guy's authored some of the best film and theatre works in the past decade -- the verdict , house of games , wag the dog , state and main , and the guy even won a pulitzer prize for his play glengarry glen ross . with that said , it's such a shame that his latest crime caper , heist , falls apart by employing too many of the well-known devices of a mamet production -- double-crossing femmes fatale , overtly memorable characters , and deceptive plot lines . but movies like the spanish prisoner , things change , and the winslow boy display a roundness to mamet's innate abilities . and it's almost a crime to witness how all of that goes awry in his latest film , heist . heist twists and turns along the road of documenting the shady life of career jewel thief joe moore ( gene hackman ) and his posse of thieves -- bobby blane ( delroy lindo ) and don " pinky " pincus ( ricky jay ) . during a raid on a jewelry store , moore ends up with his mug on the surveillance cameras and he goes on the lam from the local marshals . he decides to get out of dodge with his recent bride fran ( rebecca pidgeon , looking like a cross between sharon stone and joan crawford ) , sailing into the sunset on his yacht . the only problem is that his fence bergman ( danny devito ) has set up a big score -- the swiss job -- which he wants done so badly he holds joe's cut of the jewelry heist on layaway until the swiss job is done . to ensure his faithful hound brings the goods home intact , bergman tosses his nephew jimmy silk ( sam rockwell ) into joe's crew for observation purposes . things become complicated when joe's wife has an affair with jimmy , the swiss job turns sour , devito starts acting like his character from ruthless people , and ricky jay starts looking for the exit to this mess of a film . a mamet production usually derives its success from a solid emotional attachment to its characters -- usually they've been wronged and are seeking justice or absolution . the naïve scientist from the spanish prisoner or the curious psychologist from house of games were just decent people we recognize in our everyday lives . when those people get royally screwed over , its human nature to desire retribution . heist lacks any such emotional attachment . of greater concern is the recycling of plot points from ronin , which mamet also wrote and which deals with a similar plot involving double-crossing thieves on the run . to save the day , though , heist carries some of the best actors working today . devito , lindo , and hackman chew up and spit out the scenery around them . sam rockwell -- who usually plays naïve and jovial characters in movies like galaxy quest -- plays silk as cold , manipulative , and downright spooky . but the main problem with heist is how surprisingly predictable the story is . unlike the similar yet far superior the score , there's never any surprise during heist's twisting . mamet has just become lazy with this one . everything about the film looks great , but there's nothing at all underneath . reviewed as part of our coverage of the 24th annual mill valley film festival . 
20th century fox / 1 : 51 / 1998 / r ( langauge , violence , muted sex ) cast : ethan hawke ; gwyneth paltrow ; anne bancroft ; robert de niro ; chris cooper ; hank azaria ; josh mostel ; jeremy james kissner ; raquel beaudene director : alfonso cuaron screenplay : mitch glazer studio expectations must not have been high for " great expectations " -- the film's release date was pushed from late december to late january at what appeared to be the last minute , therefore putting any academy awards chances it has off until this time in 1999 . it's actually a smart move , because while this updated take on the charles dickens tale isn't quite oscar fodder , it * is * strong enough to be distinguished from the cinematic dumping ground that usually makes up the first five or six weeks of any given year . " great expectations " also demonstrates how to modernize a classic story right , especially after the excruciatingly wretched excesses of baz luhrmann's " william shakespeare's romeo + juliet . " " great expectations " opens somewhere in 1970s florida ( the original story is set in 19th-century england ) , as eight-year-old finn ( jeremy james kissner ) meets a trio of people who will have a profound effect on his life in the future . there's icy , 11-year-old estella ( raquel beaudene ) , a pseudo-playmate of finn's ; ms . dinsmoor ( anne bancroft ) , estella's auntie who's quite off-kilter over a past romance that never took off ; and a mysterious prisoner ( robert de niro ) whom finn saves the life of . finn , who lives with his sister's affable boyfriend ( lone star's chris cooper ) , fancies himself an aspiring artist , and proves his prowess by whipping up an unusual portrait of estella using only ms . dinsmoor's lipstick , eyebrow pencil and the wallpaper from her dilapidating mansion . flash forward into the '90s ( after a brief stop in the '80s ) , and finn ( now played by ethan hawke ) , despondent over a strange hot-and-cold relationship with the elusive estella ( gwyneth paltrow ) , receives quite a bit of money from an unknown benefactor ; it's enough cash to send him to new york to focus on a career in art . there , finn seems to gain everything he could ever want -- wealth , prestige and a high place in the glamorous art world . when estella resurfaces -- albeit with an aloof fiancé ( hank azaria ) -- finn also sees the chance to renew their mutual attraction . but she's not the only ghost from finn's past that's going to be paying him a visit . comparisons with the afore-mentioned " romeo + juliet " seem inevitable since these films are the only ones in recent memory to plop classic drama into a current setting . " great expectations " is a much better venture , though , because it treats its source with even-handed respect , where " romeo " was never quite sure whether to be a spoof , a homage or both . the movie is a visual banquet thanks to emmanuel lubezki's sexy cinematography ; notably , he captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two leads with a luscious , erotic charge that's steamier than the film's ( surprisingly muted ) love scenes . the eclectic rock soundtrack compliments the on-screen action beautifully , especially new songs by tori amos , mono and duncan sheik . acting credits are first-rate , often hiding the screenplay's occasional slip-ups . hawke is sincere and solid as a leading man ( something we also learned from " gattaca " ) , and his finn is quite a likeable guy . paltrow's estella , on the other hand , is rather underdeveloped . while the actress is at her icily seductive best , we're not told very much about her character , and as a result , it's often hard to understand why finn would appreciate her beyond a physical level ( but , oh , * what * a physical level ) ; sometimes , we root for finn although we don't quite understand why she's fueling his fire . robert de niro is nice and sophisticated in the benevolent kind of role he rarely gets to play ; on the other end of the acting spectrum is bancroft , a macabre , throaty delight who mambos and sucks down cigarettes with an eerie enthusiasm that would make norma desmond jealous . alfonso cuaron's visually elegant direction helps to distract from the dry moments that pop up more frequently around the movie's climax . another problem is predictability ; you can guess your way through the plot even if you aren't familiar with the story . despite its script flaws , though , " great expectations " is undeniably romantic without being corny or gloppy . and frankly , it's nice to see a film that embraces softened sensuality other than explicit sexuality . perhaps that renovated release date , awfully close to valentine's day , will end up helping " great expectations " ' seemingly average box office chances after all . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ 
more movie views by jamey hughton at : http : //welcome . to/movieviewsthe thomas crown affair , a remake of the 1968 steve mcqueen romance of the same name , is a glossy star vehicle with an attractive surface but an empty shell . while you will probably enjoy the star chemistry , the film lacks a certain urgency . and those expecting present 007 pierce brosnan to be dodging explosions and attempting death-defying stunts should look elsewhere . this remake follows a more laid-back and conventional pace , but it still can be fun . brosnan plays a wealthy art lover named thomas crown who steals expensive paintings because , well , he likes to . his latest heist has aroused some suspicion . after an ingeniously crafted caper in a museum involving a group of hired goons and a decoy helicopter , the insurance company sends in a representative by the name of catherine banning ( rene russo ) to investigate . banning , with a striking fashion sense and a very floppy hairdo , manages to piece together the heist in a few brief moments of scanning the video surveillance . but the identity of the ( very bright ) burglar is still unanswered . working with detective michael mccann ( denis leary ) , banning works fast . she attends a party uninvited , wearing a very revealing dress , and gets to know mr . crown a little better . she knows this debonair businessman is the thief , but she can't find the evidence to prove it . the chemistry between brosnan and russo in this film is not a noticeable strong point . they work well enough on an individual basis , but don't create enough believable sparks together to make their relationship click properly . pierce brosnan perhaps wasn't the best actor to take over for steve mcqueen , because he's lacking more than a few striking attributes that the latter was known for . but his performance is slick enough to hide these drawbacks . russo's role , also maybe better suited to a different actress , is still the stronger one . she has never looked better . perhaps casting wasn't the most persuasive part of the thomas crown affair , but the actors are in top form . the 2nd act of this film struggles valiantly to hold the viewer's attention . the director is john mctiernan , who is far more accustomed to helming big-budget action films ( he was behind the camera for die hard and predator ) . perhaps it's his direction , but most of the thomas crown affair feels somewhat stiff . the actors and scenery are pretty , the set-up is well staged , but there is little push behind the initial story . everything seems to meander along slowly until the last fifteen minutes , which contain just enough clever twists and turns to keep us interested . if there had been more focus on this sneaky little fun , the majority of the plot could have moved smoother ( the opposite goes for entrapment , which was fun and exciting but rarely stopped to establish character details ) . the presence of denis leary as the bickering detective helps . leary is a gifted comic actor who adds some zest to the story , although i did want more from his character . there's also faye dunaway , the original insurance investigator in the 1968 version , playing crown's psychiatrist and having fun doing so . inserting dunaway in more than just a brief cameo appearance was another wise move . little additions like this one can prove very effective when carefully scattered throughout a movie . an action film this ain't . the thomas crown affair is more like a long-shot romance with a detailed back story to support it . it has a tendency to be very entertaining , but the lack of a real 2nd act nearly sinks it . the actors are charming , but can't scrounge up enough sparks to keep the momentum flowing . this film has a great opening , a memorable finale , but what's left in-between leaves something to be desired . 
jackie brown ( 1997 ) rated r for language , sex , violence , drug use , and offensive dialogue . starring : pam grier , samuel l . jackson , michael keaton , bridget fonda , robert de niro , robert forster , and chris tucker quentin tarantino seems to have a knack for giving his stars big careers . after his pulp fiction , many actors began receiving many offers for jobs . john travolta made his come-back and is now one of today's most bankable stars . bruce willis proved his acting chops and is now considered an actual actor . jackie brown , on the other hand , boasts quite a well known cast , except for the main lead : pam grier . most likely you have heard of her and seen her in films , but she's never really had a breakthrough performance ( her first film was in the roger ebert-written beyond the valley of the dolls ) . that is , until now . jackie brown is a highly anticipated feature film from quentin tarantino , whose last film was the huge hit pulp fiction . after mediocre acting jobs , tarantino returns to what made his name a household one : directing and writing . jackie brown is the result , and it is fantastic entertainment . despite excellent direction from tarantino , the cast steals the film , giving one good performance after another . pam grier gives a stunning performance as jackie brown , and she is supported by an incredible mix of talent--samuel l . jackson , bridget fonda , michael keaton , robert de niro , and robert forster . more than likely , you will see a few of these names in the oscar pool come oscar nominations . describing a quentin tarantino film is very difficult , as you really can't say much or you spoil it for everyone else . i will tread lightly . jackie brown opens with an impressive shot of jackie brown ( grier ) in a blue outfit walking through the airport . the camera tracks along with her , and ends up revealing her occupation . we are also introduced to ordell robbie ( jackson ) , who sells illegal guns to interested buyers . . . for a hefty price . ms . brown carries the money from buyer to ordell in order to keep the cops away . however , an fbi agent ( keaton ) and a local l . a . cop ( michael bowen ) are out to find ordell and catch him while taking the money . they try to reach him through beaumont livingston ( chris tucker ) , one of ordell's buyers , but he mysteriously ends up dead . they try again through brown , but she is hesitant to admit to any wrong-doing . but after unknowingly carrying some drugs for one of ordell's friends ( fonda ) , she is caught and sent to jail . ordell pays her bail through a bail bond agent , max cherry ( forster ) , and then wants to find out what she told the cops . after she claims to have said nothing , she reveals the fact that she will tell them about ordell in order to stay out of prison . ordell doesn't like this , but they both come up with a scheme to throw the feds and cops off their track . this scheme seems to be going as planned , but unexpected occurances may or may not foul up their goal . revealing more would spoil the fun of jackie brown , and that's the biggest reason to go see a tarantino film . tarantino seems to have a fascination with hitmen and unusual predicaments ( and slang terms ) , but they are always done very well and believably . his hitmen are normally cruel , but pleasant , in that nasty sort of way . they talk like normal people , except for when doing business , and they are rude to their girlfriends . of course , this is a tarantino film , and you know you can expect some awkward situations to arise . and perhaps the biggest flaw with jackie brown is the slow middle section in which the pace begins to drop . of course , tarantino fixes this by moving onto the climax of the film , adding a lot of his reservoir dogs-style storytelling to it . things are told from one person's perspective , and then from another , and then from another , each time learning more and more . this all leads up to a very interesting conclusion , which decides who is on whose side . on the technical side of jackie brown , quentin tarantino directs it with the same style as he did with his 1994 film . however , this time around it isn't as nearly as impressive or original . the writing , on the other hand , is quite good , although i do find tarantino's use of slang terms offensive . the story jumps back and forth in time as in pulp fiction , but it's much more easy to understand . his previous film needed a second viewing in order to understand the time differentiation , but jackie brown is very simply to follow , especially considering that the time is given during the " leaps " in time . perhaps this is a result of the screenplay being written from the novel " rum punch " by elmore leonard . the dialogue is pretty much intelligent , and all the characters are fully realized . the cinematography is very well done by guillermo navarro ( who has worked with tarantino on previous films ) and the editing is very good . and as with pulp fiction , the music is a highlight , bringing back memorable songs from the 70s and 80s . the acting side of jackie brown is unforgettable . the performances are incredibly rich , with hidden meaning behind every characters' actions . nothing is quite as it seems , and you can't really tell which side one person is on . the real treat , of course , is pam grier who gives an astonishing performance as jackie brown . her poor living conditions are superceded by her superior wits , which play an important role in the film . watching grieg , i could tell what was going through her mind , even if i didn't know what she was thinking . her face portrays a lot of emotion that you can tell when she is sad , happy , or in deep thought . bridget fonda gives a very good performance as a druggie couch potato . i didn't even realize it was fonda until i saw her name in the final credits ( her performance actually reminded me of heather graham's in boogie nights ) . michael keaton comes across very well , as does michael bowen . chris tucker has a small , but effective performance . samuel l . jackson is very good , but it seems to me that he was replaying his jules winnfield character from pulp fiction ( although much less cynical ) . but no matter . . . jackson is very strong in his role . robert de niro is actually a little annoying at times , but overall he does a good job as one of ordell's perspective clients and friends . robert forster gives one of the best performances in the film , as he has one of the most developed characters . he is present throughout most of the film , and he holds his own against jackson and grier . jackie brown is rated r for language , sex , violence , drug use , and some offensive remarks . as a film by itself , jackie brown is a terrific piece of entertainment , with a complex plot to draw viewers in . however , one can not help but compare it to tarantino's pulp fiction , and expect great results . when compared , it comes up short , but not that short . it's a worthy effort , with terrific acting and some impressive writing from elmore leonard and tarantino . perhaps the best thing about jackie brown is the discovery of pam grier as a major hollywood actress . i can't remember seeing her in anything ( except for a small role in mars attacks ! ) , but hopefully she will get many more roles from this one . expect to see her name floating around the oscar nominations ( and hopefully she will even be able to nab one ) . reviewed by respect ( respect@aros . net ) http : //www . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
director : jonathan demme writers : akosua busia , richard lagravenese , and adam brooks ( based on the novel by toni morrison ) starring : oprah winfrey , danny glover , thandie newton , kimberly elise , beah richards , lisa gay hamilton , albert hall , irma p . hall since most movies about slavery shield us from the true horrors of what they're portraying , it's fitting to say that " beloved " come as a real shock as a film . it's confusing , bizarre , and as tough a film to watch as any film i've seen all year , and that's not necessarily because of the three-hour running time . " beloved " is challenging to watch , filled with tough and powerful poetry that takes us completely off guard , and instead of a straight-forward , hollywood-ized story about what happened to the slaves after they were freed , " beloved " comes off as a cry of anguish from all those who actually lived through what happened ( or , rather , toni morrison , who wrote the novel upon which this is based ) . " beloved " tells the story of an ex-slave named sethe , played by oprah winfrey , who lives on a large farm in the north with her children . when the film opens , her house is being terrorized by a poltergeist , which shakes things up , wounds the dog , and makes things generally uncomfortable for the family . sethe is proud , though , and will not move . her sons run away , leaving only her and her daughter , denver ( kimberly elise ) alone with the ghost which is there without any factual explanation . a couple years pass , and the ghost remains , and one day , a man named paul d ( danny glover ) , another ex-slave who knew sethe years ago when they worked on a plantation together , arrives , asking for lodging . he has been wandering around since he left the plantation , and when he enters the house , it turns red and becomes incredibly hot . when he remarks about what he thinks is evil , sethe replies " it ain't evil . it's just sad . " some more time passes , and paul d has become a fervent member of the household , and the ghost disappears . but when they return one day from going out , they discover a young woman sitting in the house . her name is beloved , and as played by thandie newton , she has almost zero motor skills . she stumbles around , half-grabbing onto things and knocking them over , and when she speaks , she lets out a low guttural sound that eventually turns into baby talk . they let her into her house , and she begins to turn things upside down . " beloved " acts like an incredibly difficult chamber drama paired with a ghost story . most of the scenes consist of people arguing in one claustrophobic , low-lit room , with the occasional flash to the past , where we see images of such horror that we thank god for modern-day psychoanalysts . sethe and paul d have lived through such hellish times that they are forever implanted with the memories of their slavehood on the old plantation , which includes such images as sethe being raped by the white plantation hands , with her nipples being licked , prompting her to cry out to paul d when reminiscing about it , " they took my milk ! " worst of all was the month after her freedom , when she was allowed to live like a free person , working with other blacks on a farm , and then seeing that her old plantation owners have arrived to presumedly take her and her children back . she runs to the barn near by , carrying her four children , and when her old owners burst in , they discover she has murdered one of them and is ready to murder the rest of them if they don't leave them alone . when she is inquired about this moment by paul d in a moment halfway through the film , she says she doesn't regret it . she killed her daughter so that she would not have to live through the horror she did , and she has convinced herself she did the right thing . of course , beloved is really her daugher materialized , though we aren't flat out told that until later on in the film . beloved represents the pain and suffering the slaves went through and shows how difficult it was for them to deal with their freedom after being tortured for so long . thus , " beloved " becomes a sorta-redux of the andrei tarkofsky sci-fi classic , " solaris , " where a cosmonaut discovers that his wife , who commited suicide years before , has materialized when he is orbiting over a planet with a complex brain system . that film spoke volumes about humanity and our memories , how we are constantly regretting what happened in the past , and when if it ever literally came back to haunt us , it would control us completely . " beloved " moves along freely , without a lot of explanation , and for the most part , this is extremely respectable . the most interesting films are the ones that don't explain everything for us , leaving gaps in the characters that we are supposed to fill in with how they act in the present tense . sethe is never fully explained as a character , but we understand all her actions since she's being played by oprah winfrey . it's been well over a decade since her last major performance in " the color purple , " but judging from these two films , i'll bet she's one of the best actresses working today . . . if she was strictly an actress . her talk show , which i suppose is a great entity , has prevented her from becoming a noteworthy actress , and that's a shame because she brings so much to this movie . emotion . sadness . strength . watching the strong sethe , who's so afraid of the past that she's built a rather strong protective coating around herself , break down when she discovers who beloved really is is what makes this movie really great . she makes it real . that's not to say this is a perfect film . in fact , i'd wager to say that the fact that it's confusing and painful to watch is what prevents this from being the truly great film it is . while oprah's performance is powerful and easily sympathetic ( and i'm dying to see her win at least an oscar nomination this february ) , the structure of the film , which doesn't show what happened to her children till halfway through the film , prevents us from really making a cohesive connection to the film . it doesn't necessarily move as though they're memories of one particular character , and by the end , it has lost control over sethe , and as she takes to bed , we are unable to truly identify with her anymore . but despite its tediousness , perhaps that's the point . the distancing by the end of the film may be just part of the way it has been built from the start , since they figure she has crossed over from being identifiable , and it needs to get back with reality . and for the most part , this film seems like the cry of pain from the slaves that it really wants to be . jonathan demme's direction is bizarre , in nature with the story , and he creates the right mood , making it a tough film to sit through , making sure that the audience feels as uncomfortable as the characters . there's more to admire here , like the way that the flashbacks pop up freely and without real organization , just like they would be in real life ; and the way that the ending leaves it somewhat open to more pain and suffering , but laced with a touch of optimism . the acting , not only from winfrey , is amazing , and i anticipate not only she will get an oscar nomination . everyone has been raving about thandie newton's performance , and how it should be rewarded . however , it must be noted that out of everyone , she had the easiest part . act like a baby . throw things . stumble around . chew food with your mouth open . i do think there's another performance worthy of oscar conisderation , but it's kimberly elise , as the daugher who has to stay sensible and sane , and has to carry the burden of her mother's loss of reality towards the end . it's not that newton isn't great : she's as annoying and wacky as the role demands . it's just that elise has the tougher job and pulls it off even better . despite the fact that this film has winfrey written all over it , and not that of writer morrison or director demme , " beloved " has still not done well . costing , i think , around ninety million dollars , it has since grossed about twenty-two . unfortunately , this film is a little too intense for viewers , even for me , and i can stand almost anything ( i recently viewed the 2 1/2 hour long epic " caligula , " the worst film i have ever seen in my life , and did it in a mere 2 sittings ) . although i respect " beloved , " i can't say that i really enjoyed it . 
bulworth ( m ) . ( twentieth century fox ) director : warren beatty stars : warren beatty , halle berry , oliver platt , don cheadle , joshua malina , jack warden , paul sorvino , christine baranski , richard sarafian , isaiah washington , sean astin , laurie metcalf , amiri baraka , wendell pierce , michele morgan , ariyan johnson , larry king , george hamilton ( uncredited cameo ) running time : 108 minutes . bulworth is a daring film from warren beatty , a film maker whose politics have always been left of centre and whose long career has been driven by his very personal choice of projects . in this cynical and scathing political satire beatty tackles many of the more obvious problems of the american democratic process , and the social and economic divisions caused by race and class . beatty , who is credited as writer , producer and director , takes aim at a number of targets and hits a few raw nerves along the way . beatty could also be accused of biting the hand that feeds him , as he attacks the major motion picture studios , the corporations that buy political favours , and the whole political process itself . in the week before the senate elections , democrat jay bulington bulworth ( beatty ) has become disillusioned by the hypocrisy , the lies and the machinations of american politics and wants out . he takes out a $10 million life insurance policy and then hires a hit man to assassinate him . freed of any sense of obligation , bulworth then feels able to speak his mind during the campaign . rather than deliver the same tired old speeches , he begins to tell the truth , informing the voters of how little they actually mean to the politicians . suddenly , bulworth becomes popular and reinvents himself as that rarity - an honest , straight talking politician . in the wave of euphoria following his sensational admissions , bulworth has second thoughts about his earlier decision , but finds himself unable to call off the hit . bulworth also finds romance with the fiery , beautiful and intelligent nina ( halle berry , from executive decision , etc ) , who hails from la's black ghettos and the opposite end of the political spectrum . however , her ideas and opinions open his eyes to a lot that is wrong with his country and the government . another unexpected source of inspiration is found in l d ( don cheadle , from devil in a blue dress , etc ) , a drug lord . bulworth follows on from those other sharp political satires from last year , the timely wag the dog and primary colors . however , bulworth is nowhere near as clever , biting or as credible as those two films , and at times is something of an undisciplined mess . as co-writers , beatty and long time collaborator jeremy pikser ( reds , etc ) seem to have bitten off more than they can chew in this ambitious script . there are a couple of good ideas here , but they seem to get lost in some unnecessary over plotting . the film ultimately lacks a strong central focus . and those scenes where bulworth , an angry old man , proceeds to rail against corruption and apathy through rap songs don't quite convince . for once , beatty is playing closer to his age , a haggard , weary and tired 60 something , and he seems to be enjoying the experience . oliver platt gives a wonderfully manic performance as murphy , bulworth's increasingly frustrated aide who attempts damage control as he tries to keep his charge on the straight and narrow . a number of celebrity cameos , from the ubiquitous larry king through to george hamilton , add to the flavour of the film . despite its structural flaws though , bulworth looks great , thanks to vittorio storaro's superb cinematography and dean tavoularis' production design . 
before entering " the haunting " , it's important for the viewer to consider what kind of movie they're looking for . if it's a terrifying horror movie , look elsewhere . if it's a special effects extravaganza with fine acting and some of the best sets ever seen , this is the movie to see . it should also be noted that as a remake of the chilling original , the film is not quite up to par . if taken on its own merits however , this is a rather fun , brainless summer movie . dr . david marrow is a professor whose speciality is fear . taking a group of subjects consisting of the timid eleanor ; the perky , gorgeous theo , and the goofy owen , he travels to hill house . hill house is a tremendous mansion in the middle of nowhere which has a rather checkered past ( i don't want to say more , as further explanation would be a spoiler ) . dr . marrow does not , however , tell the group that they are there to examine the effects of fear . they are supposedly there to cure the insomnia experienced by the group . upon reaching the house , it slowly dawns on the three , and eventually on dr . marrow , that the house is indeed haunted , and out for their blood . the house seems to take a special interest in eleanor . as the nights go by , the house becomes more and more dangerous . i was rather disappointed at the bad reviews this recieved ( except from the always reliable roger ebert ) . so many critics seemed to grade this based entirely on how it compared to the original . if viewed on its own merits , i found this to be quite an enjoyable film . the acting is quite good , although the characters really are underwritten . the standout in my opinion is liam neeson , but i've always been a fan of his . the one person i was not so impressed by was lili taylor , though she seems to be receiving all the praise from other critics . owen wilson does get a little annoying at times , but for the most part he adds some neccesary comic relief . the greatest part of this film is amazingly not the visuals , though they are impressive . it is the house itself , that steals the show . filled with long , dark corridors which seem to lead to nowhere , and are filled with chilling ( and sometimes moving ! ) statues , the house is truly awe inspiring . the fireplace , and its possible denizens , is one of the few truly frightening parts of the film . this brings us to the flaws , and there are quite a few of them . as i mentioned before , the characters are very underwritten . we know nothing about dr . marrow , theo , or owen , and very little about eleanor . the dialagoue is , at times , positively abysmal . for example , liam neeson climbs a very rickety flight of stairs to help an apparently suicidal eleanor . the stairs collapse , all over the place , and owen points at them , open mouthed saying " look , the stairs are falling . " my only other really major complaint is the film's end , which was really quite terrible . eleanor confronts the evil spirit in a huge ( but strangely disappointing ) special effects event , while spouting out some sort of strange speech about family values ! as i stated earlier , do not see this film if you want a terrifying horror movie . it simply doesn't inspire much fear . however , i do reccomend it simply to see the amazing , bone chilling sets . for this , some fine visual effects , and some good acting , " the haunting " earns three and a half stars . * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick . try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad . see it if you've got nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever . see it only if you enjoy pain . e-mail with comments at : jabii@aol . com 
director : adrian lyne writer : stephen schiff ( based on the novel by vladimir nabokov ) starring : jeremy irons , dominique swain , melanie griffith , frank langella much ballyhoo has been made over this new version of " lolita , " made in a time when one would think that a faithful adaptation of the infamous novel could be made , over its use of pedophilia , and as such , it's important to address it straight-forwardly , before any other ideals such as goodness and themes can be discussed , as this film has been in film limbo for a number of years , lying around in vaults san a distributor , and having critics waiting to either hail it a masterpiece or call it anticlimactic horseshit . when seeing this film , after all the hoopla , keeping in mind that there are people , namely me , who are fans of the novel , who have been eagerly awaiting this flick since its creation . . . well , you just have to wonder why no one really picked it up for distribution . what's even worse is that seeing this " lolita , " especially the first time and if you're familiar with anything " lolita , " is admittingly very anticlimactic . this is a real pity because when you really sit down to watch this film , ignoring all the crap that has preceeded it , it's really quite a film , perhaps the best film by director adrian lyne ( although , really , look at its competition : " flashdance , " " fatal attraction , " and " indecent proposal " ) , at least besides " jacob's ladder . " i've seen this " lolita " twice : the first time , i wasn't so blown away . it seemed overly dramatic and surprisingly unaffecting . the second time , not really thinking about how i've waited for what seems like forever to see it and how i'm seeing it on a tv set on a premium cable channel and not a giant movie theatre , it really affected me emotionally . the story itself is a surprisingly heartbreaking one , which is why it's such a good novel , and why this is such a good film . the story of a pedophile obsessed with a young 14-year old girl named dolores a . k . a . lolita is great because it's not trash for the perverted but because it's about human obsession with things that are out of one's reach . its protagonist , the comically-named humbert humbert , is not your average pedophile , but a seriously wounded human being who embodies how we are all destroyed by our sick obsessions and idosyncrasies . the character of lolita is almost a symbol of the forbidden apple in christian mythology , something that will destroy us but that we can't live without . these ideas are all worked into this film nicely , but done in a way that is not heavy-handed at all , but instead lyrical and emotionally devastating . the focus of this film , and the reason for making it , it seems , was to really penetrate the emotional depths of the novel and bring them to life on the screen in beautifully dramatic images , and scenes which are blatantly over-stylized . the tone of the book is a comical one , but it's also a tragic one , and humbert , telling the story from his perspective , blows every single thing out of perspective . humbert exists in a fantsy world of his obsessions and desires , and this reflects the way the entire film has been designed . we get a sense that perhaps it's by doing this that humbert has really trapped himself into a fate that will ultimately leave him haggard and destroyed . he weeps uncontrollably and never lets himself get over his original 14-year-old love , and allows himself to embody her as lolita . he lets his feelings for her navigate all his decisions , and by the end , he has nothing but overly-dramatic feelings for her . the story recognizes the extreme of this , almost out of a test , seeing if the readers will really sympathize with someone who is socially deemed a pervert , and one almost wonders while reading the book if the author , vladimir nabokov , wrote the book as a means to bring into focus his own sick obsessions , and perhaps bring them to peace . the weirdest thing about this film is that by the end , when humbert has reached the finale of his obsessional journey , we can easily sympathize and even identify with him . the opening and final images of the film are the same , and who hasn't done a similar action , that is wandering about without any sense of reality or anything else but a deep sadness in us ? this is the second time the novel has been adapted for the screen , the first time being filmed in - shock - 1962 , by stanley kubrick , who couldn't possibly have brought the novel to the screen with as much faithfulness as lyne has been able to do , but did the next best thing : he economized for everything and came up with a droll black comedy about obsession in general . in that film , he used the traps of society as benefits . the studio demanded the final scene , that of a heinous murder , come first in the film so to portray humbert first as a murderer and second as a pedophile . . . and when you see it , it gives the film depth of a man trapped by obsession . the censors wouldn't allow anymore than a couple glances and subtle dialogue to show the , um , relationship between humbert and lolita , so kubrick decided to play it as comedy , but still allow the tragedy to seep through . looking at these two versions , especially after reading the novel ( and we all know that when we've read a novel and see a film adaptation , we are bound to be angered by any size differences ) , it's really impossible to compare them . they both go for different things , and one has a lot more room to be as sexually frank as the novel was . and although it's true that several scenes are similar , and are thus up for comparison , overall it's unfair to say which one is better and which one is worse . i have never been one for saying the level of greatness of a film adaptation of a novel is deemed by how faithful it is , and i won't say that here . however , this film is pretty amazing , mostly because hey , i loved the book , and this film nearly reminded me of it . it doesn't have nearly as much wit ( a couple comical scenes , and even a lot of good chuckles , but just not totally witty ) , but it does have the same emotional toll that the novel had . some of that is in the casting of the two leads . jeremy irons , with his deep , soft british voice and gentle look , is an amazing humbert . he's droll in a very unique way , and , well , no one can look distraught the way he does . he brings a wonderful sympathy to the role that goes beyond pathos and really comes up as being easy to identify with the audience . and when he looks at lolita with love , and she looks at him with lust , you know that he's her prisoner for as long as he lives . and dominique swain , who plays the title character , is rather incredible . she pulls off the tough role even better than sue lyon did in the original , wonderfully balancing the qualities of seduction , bratiness , and self-centeredness that marks the character . it's easy to see why she surrenders to humbert : she loves the attention , and knows that she can have her way with him at any time . when he denies her something , she blackmails him effortlessly ( a scene involving a rocking chair and a little foot action is damn near classic ) , and when he stands up to her , she weeps and runs away , leaving humbert to follow her . there are two other minor characters in the film , one who's a road block in the beginning , and the other who's a reappearing threat to the relationship . the former is charlotte , lolita's mother , played by melanie griffith . in the book , charlotte is a monster of a woman : overbearing , constantly scolding her child , overly-religious , and ultimately selfish . and she's the one obstacle humbert has to overcome to obtain his goal , at least in the beginning . as played by shelly winters in the original , she represented all these qualities ; as played by griffith here , she's about half of them . it's annoying to watch a film and play a game where you try to see who could have done the role way better than the one on screen without mentioning the actor who played them first . and even though griffith is not really bad , persay , she's nothing more . the other is clare quilty , the writer who is also trying to seduce lolita , and succeeds , but at a price . langella takes a totally different direction than the one peter sellars took in the original . quilty was a comic character in the original : a threat in the form of many forms , popping in states of rambling , german , proning , and eventually drunk . langella takes the other route , allowing all of the creepiness to be unearthed , and the result is a character who exists in shadows and low shots , and who meets a wonderfully ironic ending , the exact opposite of what we thought of him . as you can see , most of these are not improvements or mistakes done on the part of lyne and his screenwriter , stephen schiff , but just parts of a whole new look at the novel , at least cinema-wise . this version is beautiful , and perpetually saddening . the camera movements are stylized , and each shot is breathtakingly rich . the acting is for the most part wonderful , and when we watch it , we really get a sense that for humbert , who is telling the story , the only two people on earth most of the time were humbert and lolita . more importantly , it takes us right up the brink of emotion , then jumps right over it . by the end , with humbert sadly driving recklessly in his car , following what he says is the only part of his life he doesn't regret , we feel that we all lose to something we can never have . 
the grandfather of italian horror the late mario bava has credits in nearly 100 films and tv movies produced in italy between 1939 and his death in the early 80's . more practiced as a cinematographer than a director , bava nonetheless sat in the director's chair for beyond the door ii , the project which turned out to be his last full-length feature film . alongside the appalling zombie schlock of hacks like lucio fulci , beyond the door ii is simply a revelation . in his day bava was considered by most to be no great filmmaker , yet here he fashioned one of the finest italian horror movies of the 1970's . ( note that the film has no connection with the 1975 exorcist-rip off behind the door , but for some unexplained reason was given this related title for release in the usa and australia . ) this story focuses on dora , a women set upon by a malevolent spirit that channels itself through her young son marco . the film opens with dora , her son and second husband bruno returning to a house by the sea that was the scene of her first husband's suicide and her subsequent trauma 7 years earlier . they hope to put the past behind them , but as small accidents start to befall dora - usually while bruno is away on business - she starts to suspect that marco ( played with uncanny ability by 8 year old david colin jr . ) is somehow involved in the strange goings on . to reveal any more of the story would be unfair . suffice to say that this artfully paced study of a woman suffering a nervous breakdown offers an intriguing plot , loads of atmosphere and solid acting , though the dialogue is somewhat weakened by the dubbing into english . bava coaches a surprisingly good performance from the usually wooden daria nicolodi , wife of famed italian horror director dario argento . her character is invested with sufficient depth to allow the audience real empathy with dora's troubled soul . the music by italian ensemble libra is also effective , mixing odd-sounding 70's rock with classic gothic piano sequences . and there is at least one moment - brilliantly engineered by bava - that is guaranteed to lift you ten feet out of your chair . yet for italian horror , the bloodletting here is surprisingly minimal . lamberto bava and francesco barbieri's script is more concerned with deeper , psychological terrors , with themes of guilt and suffering , with the notion that what we sow will shall - somewhere , somehow - eventually reap . scholars of the genre take note : beyond the door ii is stylish , chilling , and essential . 
nosferatu : the first vampire   -by bill chambers ( wchamber@netcom . ca ) ( life is harsh ; your website shouldn't be . http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/set/7504 aka film freak central ) starring max schreck , gustav von wangenheim , greta schroder , john gottowt written by henrik galeen directed by f . w . murnau available in an all new video edition from arrow entertainment ( $29 . 95 ) , with an introduction by david carradine , written & produced by wayne j . keeley f . w . murnau's career ended sadly and prematurely . the german director of such classics as " sunrise " and " the last laugh " died in a car accident shortly after signing a deal to make american pictures at paramount . murnau was reportedly a giant man , well over six feet , a towering figure probably incapable of anything but a grand entrance . which brings us to " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " : surely he felt a kinship with his title character , the looming vampire embodied by intimidating max schreck ; in one of the most indelible images in film history , silent or otherwise , schreck rises from his grave , gnarled hands outstretched , and he's so big that part of his head is cropped by the top of the frame . the plot of " nosferatu . . . " is lifted--unauthorized--from bram stoker's " dracula " . the british hutter is an eager real estate man assigned to visit and discuss future living arrangements with count orlock of transylvania . he leaves behind girlfriend emily , only to discover orlock's secret--he's a bloodsucker--and struggle to return to england before the nosferatu reaches his lady love . in addition to schreck's performance , the cinematography and effects are outstanding . arrow video's digitally remastered version of the classic is something of a mixed-coffin . the cover art features a red-tinted , hairy , goateed vampire staring straight at you , his fanged mouth agape , while the bodies of two sexy , writhing women entice you below . trouble is , murnau's monster is pale-faced , bald , pointy-eared , and non-goateed , and there isn't a single sexy , writhing woman to be found in his movie . this sort of misleading packaging makes little sense when one recalls the countless number of ghouslish scenes in the film from which cool cover art could have been extracted . additionally , notifying the viewer that this is in fact murnau's film seems like afterthought since his name and the genuine title are written in small print below our goateed vampire . that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself . the original elements are not in the best condition--non-studio silents were unlucky in their preservation-- so we're still dealing with a slightly washed out , scratched , jittering image . but at least the day and night scenes are tinted sepia and blue , respectively , especially helpful to an audience who may question nosferatu's waltzing around during what seems like sunlight ( it took a lot of light to expose stock in the twenties ) . the title cards have been redone , and they are legible , accurate , and digitally altered to flicker--a very nice touch . ( even the opening copyright warning flickers ! ) the score has been replaced by music from type o negative , a hard-rock group , arguably gothic , and their songs underscore the film nicely-- certainly the coolest video a band can ask for . when our hero , hutter , first steps onto the doomed carriage to count orlock's castle , we hear a well-timed " now you're dead ! " from lead singer peter steele . david carradine makes an appropriately vampiric host ; he fiddles with a blade and cane while introducing the film . after the feature , which runs about 63 minutes , is included a new music video from type o negative , the black-and-white fang-fest " black no . 1 " . of course , " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " is the main attraction , and while my latest viewing raised questions ( why is the woman called emily in the title cards but " mina " --as bram stoker called her--in hutter's letters ? , for instance ) , it made me realize how much this movie has inspired and been stolen from . coppola's 1992 " bram stoker's dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau's masterpiece , but the one thing it couldn't thieve was the original's abstract charms . this latest incarnation from arrow will probably- -like the rescored " metropolis " a few years back--turn a silent film into more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of film freaks . 
dead man on campus ( m ) . ( mtv/paramount/uip ) director : alan cohn stars : tom everett scott , mark-paul gosselaar , poppy montgomery , lochlyn munro , randy pearlstein , corey page , alyson hannigan , mari morrow , jason segel , dave ruby running time : 94 minutes . thankfully , this unheralded but surprisingly enjoyable comedy from the mtv channel eschews most of the clichés of the adolescent school genre . there's no psycho killer slashing his way through a hunky cast . there's no getting of wisdom through the pursuit of academic excellence . there's no discovering the pain of first love . there's none of the jocks versus the nerds stuff . there's not even the down trodden loser who eventually becomes a hero by bringing glory to his school through unlikely sporting prowess . hell , there's not a whiff of football , basketball or even debating here . keen to pursue a medical career , honour student josh ( tom everett scott , from that thing you do and the appalling an american werewolf in paris , etc ) comes to daleman college on a scholarship . his room mates are anything but the studious types . kyle ( jason segel ) is a repressed former catholic boys' school graduate who suddenly discovers the joys of sex and moves out . cooper ( mark-paul gosselaar , from tv sitcom saved by the bell , etc ) is a smooth scam artist who plans to do anything but study during his college years . cooper quickly leads josh into a routine of heavy partying , and his grades quickly drop . faced with losing his scholarship , josh needs to turn his grades around . meanwhile , cooper's father , a wealthy business man who runs a toilet cleaning company , promises cooper that if he doesn't graduate he will learn the family business from the bottom up ( so to speak ) . the pair find a hint of salvation through an arcane and almost forgotten college by-law that guarantees passing grades to students on compassionate grounds if their roommate suddenly dies . the hunt is on for the pair to find the most neurotic , potentially suicidal kid in school and move him into their room before pushing him over the edge . intensive research uncovers three likely prospects . cliff ( lochlyn munro ) , a true party animal who lives dangerously , but seems invulnerable ; buckley ( randy pearlstein , from the cowboy way , etc ) , a paranoid schizophrenic who believes everyone is out to get him , especially computer billionaire bill gates ; while matt ( aussie actor corey page , from heartbreak high , etc ) , a depressed heavy metal rocker , is not quite what he seems . dead man on campus takes its unusual premise from a famous urban legend and milks it for laughs . given the subject matter , there's plenty of potential for a wicked black comedy , but first time feature director alan cohn keeps proceedings light and upbeat . there are plenty of funny moments throughout , and the film unfolds with lots of slapstick humour and energy . the pace picks up in the second half during the frantic search for the perfect suicidal room mate . performances are more than adequate for this type of film , although gosselaar brings plenty of easy going charm to his role as the scheming cooper . scott also brings a manic energy to his role as the increasingly frustrated and desperate josh . produced under the auspices of mtv ( other features include joe's apartment and beavis and butthead do america ) , dead man on campus boasts a solid soundtrack of cutting edge , contemporary rockers . dead man on campus is not a cinematic masterpiece , nor does it have pretensions towards having anything deep and meaningful to say . however , it offers plenty to satisfy and will certainly amuse its targeted audience . 
united kingdom/united states , 1997 u . s . release date : 12/25/97 ( limited ) running length : 1 : 50 mpaa classification : r ( profanity , mature themes , brief nudity ) theatrical aspect ratio : 1 . 85 : 1 cast : phylida law , emma thompson , gary hollywood , arlene cockburn , sheila reid , sandra voe , douglas murphy , sean biggerstaff director : alan rickman producers : ken lipper , edward r . pressman , steve clark-hall screenplay : sharman macdonald and alan rickman cinematography : seamus mcgarvey music : michael kamen u . s . distributor : fine line features anyone who saw alan rickman's finely-realized performances in truly madly deeply and sense and sensibility will be unsurprised that the actor-turned-director is a bit of a poet at heart . however , for those who recall him only as the maniacal villain of die hard and robin hood : prince of thieves , this recognition may be something of a shock . nevertheless , " poetic " is an excellent term to describe rickman's feature debut as a director , the winter guest . the film has a simple , unhurried rhythm that uses all of the available elements to fashion a successful whole . the result is an occasionally haunting , sometimes magical , and always insightful human drama . the winter guest isn't about resolving plot threads and advancing a story line ; it's about exploring relationships and examining life in all of its stages . the winter guest does not tell a traditional tale , nor does it ascribe to a conventional narrative structure – there is no real beginning or end . instead , we are given an opportunity to observe one day in the lives of eight humans . they represent both sexes , multiple generations , and a variety of relationships – male and female ; young , middle-aged , and elderly ; friends , would-be lovers , and kin . we see expectations fulfilled and disappointed , emotional boundaries eroded , and truths unveiled . there is comedy and tragedy . most importantly , much of what transpires during the course of the winter guest will find an echo in our own lives – in this fiction can be found much truth . the setting is small town in scotland on the coldest day of the year . it's so frigid that the sea has begun to freeze over . the onshore wind cuts like a knife and snow blankets the beach , giving the terrain an alien appearance . it is against this backdrop that the relationships of the film are captured . there are four pairings , and , although there is some interaction between the different twosomes , the winter guest's focus is on the dynamics internal to each relationship . the first , meatiest pairing is that of elspeth ( phylida law ) and her recently-widowed daughter , frances ( emma thompson ) . these two have a stormy relationship . they love each other deeply , but both are stubborn and willful , and neither is willing to admit that they need the other . much of their interaction is argumentative , but , during the course of a long walk to the frozen shoreline , they come to an unspoken understanding of how much each means to the other . frances' adult son , alex ( gary hollywood ) , is a lonely young man who has been caring for his mother since the death of his father . on this day , he meets a girl , nita ( arlene cockburn ) , who has secretly been spying on him for weeks . although their first encounter is antagonistic ( she throws a snowball at him ) , both quickly become aware of an undeniable attraction . once they retire to a place where they can be alone , however , things don't go exactly as planned . lily ( sheila reid ) and chloe ( sandra voe ) are a couple of old friends who are frequent funeral attendees . death is a topic of endless fascination for them , perhaps because they are so close to it , and they spend their spare time scanning the obituaries , looking for the next funeral or cremation in the area . it doesn't matter whether or not they knew the deceased . it's the ceremony that they're interested in . sam ( douglas murphy ) and tom ( sean biggerstaff ) , a pair of schoolboy chums , are spending this cold february day cutting classes and hanging out at the beach , horsing around , building a small fire for warmth , and walking on the frozen water . unlike lily and chloe , these two have their entire lives ahead of them . they are young enough to still believe in magic , but old enough to recognize that the process of crossing into adulthood robs life of the simple joy that only children can experience . the acting is strong and believable . the mixture of veteran performers and first-timers is effective , with the most successful choice being the casting of real-life mother and daughter phylida law and emma thompson in the most prominent roles . there is a chemistry in their interaction that would be hard to replicate with two different , non-related actors . and , of course , the physical resemblance makes it that much easier to accept elspeth and frances as parent and child . the winter guest began its life as a stage play in 1995 , with rickman as the director . four of the film's principals , phylida law , arlene cockburn , sheila reid , and sandra voe , appeared in the theatrical version before moving to the film . unlike several recent motion pictures adapted from plays , the winter guest has been successfully opened up . the rough , bleak scottish countryside becomes as much of a character as any of the eight humans . in fact , considering how important the climate is to every relationship under rickman's microscope , it could be argued that this is the single most important element of the movie . if you appreciate character studies , the winter guest is a solid effort with enough power to stay with you after you have left the theater . 
 there seem to be two reactions to dark city . you either love it or you are unimpressed . count me as a " love it . " as good as the crow and spawn are , dark city is better . where the former two have a specific comic-book following , the latter is an original work with the potential for broader appeal . it has a similar look to the others , but dark city is much more thoughtful and much less violent . not clever or complex , the story is still fascinating , like a selection from the twilight zone . a man ( rufus sewell ) is awakened in his bathtub by a man with a syringe . surprised , the attacker runs off . the dazed man gets out of the tub and finds a woman's body in the room . a mysterious caller warns him to leave the apartment immediately , so he packs some clothes and leaves , never sure why he's leaving or what he's fleeing . ghoulish figures in long coats recognize the man and chase him through the dark city , hounding him like figures in a nightmare . an odd blast of willpower allows the man to dream himself free from his pursuers long enough to check his i . d . the amnesiac learns that he is not dreaming and that his name is john murdoch . now if only he could remember the rest of his life . . . . dark city is good on many levels . first , the look of the movie is excellent . give credit to production designers george liddle and patrick tatopolous for creating a coherent look from diverse elements . there are visual elements from the american 1920s-60s , mixed with dickens-era urban industrial elements . it is all pulled together in a sad , dark look reminiscent of the diner in edward hopper's painting , nighthawks . proyas' use of models gives an appropriately eerie unreality to the film's world ( for not only does the audience see the city a model , but so do the ghouls ) . the look is like a cross between tim burton's batman and the bleak animation of the brothers quay . second , the editing of the film is good . the pacing is on track , and the plot is revealed , the " amnesia " explained , in satisfying increments . also , the stylized editing within each scene gives the movie a tense , caffeinated look . third , the special effects are well used . they look good , but more importantly , the right effects are used for the right job . one example stands out in my mind : the coated figures who haunt the city can attack telekinetically . a simple ripple effect is used . a more showy effect could have been chosen , but then it would have just been gratuitous . restraint was shown where necessary , letting the more critical effects look more impressive . finally , like gattaca , dark city spends a just a little effort striving for mythical significance . unlike gattaca , the story is just open-ended and non-literal enough to be successful . john murdoch's recovery from amnesia is tied to the passing of the night , and the hopeful coming of the dawn . his struggle with amnesia is both figuratively and literally the struggle of all mankind ( at least in his world ) . when we finally see the big picture of the movie's world , it is as mysterious as the iroquois image of the world being carried on the back of a giant turtle . a few minor flaws keep me from giving this movie the same perfect score roger ebert gave , but i do strongly recommend it , for its look , its pace , its story , and its timelessness . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
rat race ( 2001 ) whoopi goldberg , john cleese , cuba gooding jr . , rowan atkinson , jon lovitz , kathy najimy , seth green , breckin meyer , amy smart , wayne knight , paul rodriguez , vince vieluf , lanai chapman , dean cain , dave thomas , kathy bates ( uncredited ) . written by andy breckman . directed by jerry zucker . 112 minutes . rated pg-13 , 4 stars ( out of five stars ) review by ed johnson-ott , nuvo newsweekly www . nuvo . net archive reviews at http : //reviews . imdb . com/reviewsby ? edward + johnson-ott to receive reviews by e-mail at no charge , send subscription requests to ejohnsonott@prodigy . net or e-mail ejohnsonott-subscribe@onelist . com with the word " subscribe " in the subject line . after watching " rat race " last week , i noticed my cheeks were sore and realized that , when not laughing aloud , i had held a grin for virtually all of the film's 112 minutes . saturday night , i attended another sneak preview for the movie and damned if i didn't enjoy it as much the second time as the first . " rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat-out silliness . hands down , this is the most fun film of the summer . the movie begins with zippy retro-style opening credits that look like they were torn straight out of a '60s slapstick comedy , featuring animated photos of the cast attached to herky-jerky bodies bounding around the screen . then comes the setup . donald sinclair ( john cleese ) , the extremely rich owner of the venetian hotel and casino in las vegas , enjoys concocting unusual bets for his high rolling clients . to that end , he places a half dozen very special tokens in his slot machines . gathering together the lucky token holders , he explains , " today you have a chance to play a game where the odds of winning are one in six . " the competition is simple : each contestant gets a key that opens a locker in silver city , n . m . , containing $2 million in cash . there is a transmitter in every key , so that sinclair and his cronies can keep track of who is ahead . the race has no rules – whichever contestant reaches the locker first gets the money . since it would be wrong to spoil any of the jokes , let's use the next few paragraphs to profile the racers . decked out in flashy , trashy clothing and sporting big hair , vera baker ( whoopi goldberg ) is in town to reunite with the daughter she gave up for adoption as a baby . she finds that grown-up merrill ( lanai chapman ) is erudite , conservative and more than a little bit wary of this stranger trying to jump into her life . thrown together , it becomes clear that both women share a fierce competitive nature . owen templeton ( cuba gooding jr . ) is currently the most hated man in america . an nfl referee , he cost gamblers all over the country enormous amounts of money by blowing a call in a high-profile game . after escaping from a vengeful cab driver , owen gets to new mexico by masquerading as the driver for a busload of lucy ricardo impersonators heading to a convention . mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) is a cheerful , odd little italian man on holiday in america . he also is narcoleptic and falls asleep at the most inopportune times . pollini hitches a ride with zack ( wayne knight ) , a hyper-tense ambulance driver carrying a human heart across country for a transplant operation . randy pear ( jon lovitz ) promised his wife beverly ( kathy najimy ) and two kids a fun-filled vacation in las vegas . fearful that beverly will be angry over his involvement in the race , he claims that he must travel to silver city for a job interview . beverly insists the family stay together , so they hop in the mini-van and tear off into the desert . brothers duane ( seth green ) and blaine ( vince vieluf ) cody are young , crooked and stupid . blaine has a speech impediment due to his poorly self-done tongue piercing , and duane is the only person who can come close to understanding him . the boys will stop at nothing to reach their goal . finally , nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) is a no-nonsense lawyer-in-training who recruits helicopter pilot tracy faucet ( amy smart ) for the journey . at first glance , they seem blandly wholesome , but all that changes when tracy buzzes the home of her boyfriend shawn ( dean cain ) and spies him swimming with another woman . director jerry zucker ( " airplane , " " ghost " ) leaps from racer to racer , periodically returning to las vegas where sinclair and mr . grisham ( dave thomas ) , his personality-impaired right hand man , continue cooking up bizarre bets for the gamblers . as with any zucker production , a few jokes fall flat , but the momentum of the comedy zooms past those missteps . high points for me include a bit involving kathy bates as a roadside squirrel salesperson and an intricately set up gag that carries jon lovitz and family from a bizarre museum to an outdoor rally , with an utterly tasteless and screamingly funny pay-off . had i been part of the filmmaking team , i would have ditched a joke where a key is dropped into a baby's clothes and instead had the key get lost in the cleavage of a dozing society matron . it would have drawn the same laugh without the squirm-inducing hint of child molestation . i also would have selected a different band for a concert sequence . my god , do we really need yet another movie with smash mouth performing " all star ? " but enough carping . " rat race " is a riot , with terrific no-holds-barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for . 
the butcher boy ( r )  ) no film in recent has left me with such conflicted feelings as neil jordan's harrowing , humorous , horrifying adaptation of patrick mccabe's novel about young lad francie brady's ( eamonn owens ) descent into madness in 1960s ireland . on one hand , it was difficult for me to become invested in francie's story because he is such an unsavory character , unjustifyably venting his rage at his nosy but otherwise harmless neighbor mrs . nugent ( fiona shaw ) . on another hand , i found it difficult to laugh at some of francie's darkly comic shenanigans because he obviously is such a sick , needy child , having been raised by a drunken father ( stephen rea ) and a suicidal mother ( aisling o'sullivan ) . on yet another hand , i also found it difficult to completely sympathize with francie during his more emotional scenes because some of his , for lack of a better word , " bad " deeds are so incredibly shocking in their brutality and the malicious glee in which he performs them . however , the butcher boy's power is undeniable , and the film as a whole is unforgettable--perhaps because it is so disturbing . what makes it so unsettling is the francie's overall wink-wink yet matter-of-fact attitude about everything , expressed in a cheeky voiceover narration delivered by the adult francie ( rea again ) . think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs , and you'll sort of understand . anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you cannot take your eyes off of owens . the butcher boy truly is a twisted , unusual film that is bound to make just about anyone uncomfortable . in the lobby after the screening , i overheard one man raving about how great yet disturbing it was ; i also heard one particularly offended woman say with disgust , " that movie was so unfunny ! " 
starring-brendan fraser , rachel weisz , john hannah and arnold vosloo director-stephen sommers rated 14a movie views by jamey hughton : http : //welcome . to/movieviewswhat do you get when you combine old fashioned indiana jones-style adventure with modernized special effects ? well , the result would look something like the mummy . sort of . for hidden behind all the action , gun-fire and spiritual malarkey you'd expect lies a very goofy foundation . as the opening scene suggests , this remake often relies on self-parody and comic timing just as much as it does with it's adventurous tone . the movie begins in ancient egypt , where a priest named imhotep ( arnold vosloo ) is fooling around with the pharaoh's daughter . the grisly consequences entail that imhotep be wrapped in bandages and incarcerated for eternity in his tight-fitting sarcophagus . he is buried with a terrible curse : anyone who wakes him will suffer the 10 plagues of egypt , and will be used as spare parts for reanimation purposes . sure enough , in 1920 , two expedition teams have set out to find the treasure at humunaptra ( the legendary `city of the dead' ) . one is led by rick o'connell ( brendan fraser ) , a rag-tag legion soldier who knows how to handle himself . accompanying him is a hieroglyphics-reading librarian ( rachel weisz ) and her smart-mouth brother ( john hannah ) . then , of course , they awake the title character . soon enough , flesh-eating scarab-beetles , pesky locusts and walking corpses are after them , and imhotep is out to reconstruct himself and resurrect his mummified bride . the special effects in the mummy are not seamlessly blended into the atmosphere , but they are rather excellent ; the `wall of sand' effect towards the finale is particularly effective . fraser looks surprisingly suited to this newfound role , and watching his form strikes just the right balance in this ridiculously enjoyable adventure/comedy/romance/horror- yes , it's complete funhouse of a movie . director stephen sommers is much better when it comes to adventure ( the jungle book ) than horror ( deep rising ) , which is why i am glad he put such a unique spin on this classic remake . the jokes fly fast and furious , mostly derived from hannah's spirited performance and the presence of kevin j . o'connor as the leader of the second expedition . i'm embarrassed to say it , but i did laugh more than once . okay , several times . even so , the consistent , familiar punchlines grow seriously old as the movie progresses . the mummy is just stupid fun , no more . fraser has battles with the bandaged monsters , slicing off limbs with a delightful goofiness that seems closely akin to sam raimi's evil dead movies . if you want a blockbuster full of thrills and chills , this is not the movie to see . the mummy is silly , stereotypical , but above all , it's totally enjoyable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . movie views by jamey hughton : http : //welcome . to/movieviews 
film adaptation of hunter s . thompson's infamous semi-autobiographical hallucinogen-fueled book of the same title . director terry gilliam of twelve monkeys ( 8/10 ) and brazil ( 7/10 ) fame , took over the helm of this project after fellow director alex cox ( sid and nancy ( 7 . 5/10 ) ) " apparently alienated everyone associated with the movie " , according to gilliam . plot : writer thompson ( depp ) heads down to las vegas with his attorney dr . gonzo ( del toro ) to cover a motorcycle race . during their trip , they systematically consume " two bags of grass , seventy-five pellets of mescaline , five sheets of high powered blotter acid , a salt shaker half-full of cocaine , a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers , downers , screamers , laughers , a quart of tequila , a quart of rum , a case of beer , a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls . the movie presents us with the results of that heavy drug use . critique : i have given this movie two separate ratings because i believe that the enjoyment of this psychedelic picture is highly correlated with the amount of drugs or alcohol that would be floating around in the viewer's own mind , whilst inhaling this cinematic vision of excess . if you are prepared to get high or intoxicated before watching this film , i would say that this is one picture that you will thoroughly enjoy on a multitude of colorful levels . if , on the other hand , you decide to stray from the addition of nefarious elements to your system , i could not imagine you truly appreciating much of this drug-induced picture's entire ride ( 5 . 5/10 for all those sober dogs ) . note : i have not read thompson's book . having said that , joblo did engage in an alcohol-based consumatory session before ( and during ) the viewing of this film , so his critique of the film should be appreciated on that level . this movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour , rather than substance or plot . it moves admirably from one scene to the next , without much basis of their being , while presenting us with the two days in the life of writer hunter s . thompson during which he seemed to consume more drugs and alcohol than anyone could ever imagine . it was 1971 , and the times were apparently " a' changing " in the states . johnny depp chews into his role like an overgrown child sucking on a chocolate lollipop . during the filming , depp apparently become fast friends with real-life writer thompson , and was known to wander off the set from time to time , for the sake of checking out the newest barmaid at the local watering hole . i thought he did seem to exaggerate his walk a little bit too much , but then again , this movie is supposed to be a wild exaggeration of everything and anything , so who am i to talk . the one thing that did blow my mind was the actual physical transformation endured by actor benicio del toro for his role as dr . gonzo . i couldn't believe that this fat , samoan lawyer , was the same guy who played the slick mumbling criminal in the usual suspects ( 7 . 5/10 ) . word on the street is that gained over 40 pounds for this role , and i must say that his look was deliciously reprehensible . plenty of cameos also pepper this kaleidoscopic moving picture in the form of ellen barkin , christina ricci , tobey maguire and cameron diaz , along with a bunch of others . other than that , the soundtrack was expectedly eclectic , the style was not as wild as i thought it would be , and the ending was certainly not much of a barn-burner , but then again , who really noticed . this movie is about visions of bats floating through your head , johnny depp looking goofy and being bald , and the cornucopia of drug-ravaged scenes filling your own intoxicated system with ideas of anarchy , rebellion and the lost american dream . and for all those who plan on seeing this movie without the partnership of a mean drink or a mighty doobie , i suggest you move further down the aisle , buy yourself a ticket to godzilla ( 6/10 ) , and enjoy the visual fabrications manufactured for the unstimulated mind . little known facts : depp and del toro snorted plenty of powdered milk instead of cocaine . bill murray also portrayed a thompson-based character in the film where the buffalo roam . johnny depp turned down roles in the three musketeers , speed ( 7 . 5/10 ) , and legends of the fall ( 7 . 5/10 ) , for smaller and quirkier roles in benny and joon ( 6 . 5/10 ) and what's eating gilbert grape ? ( 7/10 ) . in 1988 , depp told rolling stone magazine that he'd tried every drug by the age of 14 . johnny hung out with some of the members of oasis while filming the uncompleted divine rapture in ireland , and later played some slide guitar on the 1997 album , be here now . johnny was born in kentucky , is a high-school dropout , has nicknamed himself " mr . stench " , has been engaged to four women until now ( including actress winona ryder , whose " winona forever " tattoo had to be altered to " wino forever " after their breakup ) , currently plays guitar in a band called " p " , and owns the viper room nightclub in l . a . visit joblo's movie reviews  " http : //www . microtec . net/~drsuess/ 
as good as it gets 1/4 . directed by james l . brooks . written by brooks and mark andrus from a story by andrus . photography , john bailey . editing , richard marks . production design , bill brzeski . produced by james l . brooks , kristi zea and bridget johnson . cast : jack nicholson , helen hunt , greg kinnear , cuba gooding , jr . , skeet ulrich , shirley knight , et al . . a tristar release . 132 minutes . pg-13 . breaking news : this movie has swept the golden globes awards in the musical or comedy category : best picture . best actor ( jack nicholson ) . best actress ( helen hunt ) now playing , the shaggy dog film " wag the dog " is dogless . also playing is " as good as it gets " in which a real shaggy dog -- a rare brussels griffon--steals scenes and becomes the agent of major changes . its name is verdell , which i first took for " fidel , " which made me expect a partly political film , which it isn't . fitting no pigeonhole category , it comes closest to a socio-psychological comedy-drama . " as good " also stars jack nicholson , in top para-satanic and aggressive form , circumflex eyebrows , hooded eyes ranking with the best ( victor mature's , bob mitchum's ) , incongruous tan for a new yorker ( but no one yet has ever been able to challenge the deep bronzing of douglas fairbanks , sr ) and his bag of eccentricities at an apex . the movie has both originality and well-crafted , deja-filmed mainstream appeal . peripherally , it is a distant variant on beauty and the beast , the taming of the shrew ( with sexes reversed ) . centrally , it is a showcase for the talents of nicholson and helen hunt . melvin udall ( nicholson ) is a misanthropic , bilious , hypochondriac , reclusive mega-nut . his manias include always washing with a fresh cake of soap ; walking to the same restaurant daily at 11 am for a giga-cholesterol breakfast at " his " table served by " his " waitress ; bringing his own plastic knives and forks ; wearing disposable surgical gloves ; avoiding brushing against people or stepping on sidewalk cracks . all of this , plus more quirks , is apparently explained by his suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder . that's bad enough , but melvin is a pain in every other way too . he's a champion people-insulter and , among other lovely traits , homophobic , african-american-fearing , and a jew-and-everybody-else equal opportunity hater . this includes animals . the action begins with mel ( who probably hates his parents for his name ) throwing his neighbor's beloved pooch verdell down the laundry chute . the neighbor , simon ( kinnear ) is a successful painter , whose art dealer friend is a classy african-american named with originality frank sachs ( gooding ) . both are gay , but not that you could tell . the other major " dramatis persona " is carol ( hunt ) , mel's habitual , suffering , and onlywaitress acceptable to mel at the restaurant . she is a single mother with a dangerously asthmatic boy , lives with him her mother ( knight ) in far-off brooklyn , trudging to and fro exhausted by her waitressing and her motherly duties . when simon is brutally beaten up by invading , thieving street hoods , and taken to the hospital , frank sticks mel with the dog in a way that mel cannot refuse . predictably , grudgingly ( and unconvincingly ) , the writer and the canine fall for each other . did i say " writer " ? yes , that's what mel does for a living , composing romances for female readership and making lots of money from his 62 or so purple-prose novels . the contrast between his profession and his character is absurd , rates an f for credibility . mel explains his knowing portrayals of women by : " i think of a man , then i take away reason and accountability . " this adds gynecophobia to the list , makes us think of mel as a virgin ( ? ? ! ! ) and simply won't wash . upon his return from the hospital , simon finds himself broke : he has no health insurance ( a real tragedy for so many self-employed ) , his medical bill is over $60 , 000 , his art has been vandalized , his will to paint has vanished , he is losing his apartment . but look what animal companionship can do for people ! increasingly human and humane mel comes to the rescue . and by some intricate plot devices , he also delivers carol and her son from the evil of uncaring doctors and medical bills . it's artificial plotting but while you are watching it , it is also warm , lovely and well-acted . all the while , of course , mel is falling for carol . but the new mel dies hard . when he introduces his friends to one another he says : " carol the waitress . simon the fag . " i'll stop here . nicholson , in spite of his improbable role , is nicholson , meaning as good as ever , even better perhaps . no surprise here . the real revelation is helen hunt . i have never cared much for her flimsy , parts in tv's " mad about you , " and while she has many more credits , too many of them were in unmemorable productions . she was finally top-listed in her previous film " twister " ( 1996 ) , but her role was pallid . now finally helen hunt has come into her own . without bravura or pointedly dramatic or humorous scenes and repartees , without prettifying makeup or sexy clothes , without scene-stealing episodes , hunt does steal the whole movie . in one of the most amazing transformations in recent cinema , she makes palpable her struggle with life and conditions , her exhaustion as waitress , caring mom , commuter and debtor in splendidly veristic ways . we learn nothing about the father of her child , or for that matter about the earlier carol , yet she is three-dimensional both in her sadness , depression , lack of men in her life as well as in her moments of humor and happiness . cannily , the script adds rounding off carol through a funny-turning-unfunny interlude with a lover who vanishes . aged beyond her 34 years , not especially pretty by ordinary standards , she is enormously likable , appealing , real and , yes , even sexy . she also strikes very believably at hmos and the medical profession , though the " deus ex machina " introduction of a wise , wonderful doctor restores some balance . yet , what with simon's lack of insurance , a strong case is made against our health system . multiple oscar-winning writer-director-producer brooks had previously directed " terms of endearment , " " broadcast news " and the notorious " i'll do anything , " which , filmed as a musical , failed in previews and had to come out as a non-musical . even so , the latter is my favorite brooks movie , partly because of its superb direction of actors . now brooks repeats his tour-de-force with helen hunt . no matter how iffy the tale , the performances make it a winner . 
henry fool -a review by bill chambers , wchamber@netcom . ca ( now with trivia ; film , dvd , ld reviews ; a section where you can recommend movies ; fabric softener ; and much more ! film freak central http : //www . geocities . com/~billchambers new address . new attitude . same crappy writing . ) it is often said by his fans that hal hartley movies are an acquired taste . indeed . while perhaps less dangerous than tequila shooters or bungee-jumping , they require no less amount of physical stamina and concentration . i felt rewarded at the end of henry fool ; this movie creeps up on you-at a slow 139 minutes , i mean creeps-and despite the final shot's ambiguity , i left completely satisfied . henry fool ( " used to have an ‘e' " ) arrives at garbageman simon grim's house , claims the vacant basement apartment , and almost instantly inspires simon ( urbaniak ) to take up writing-henry ( martin donovan look-alike ryan ) is an ex-convict , a once-great author who has been " exiled and marginalized " by the publishing community because of his criminal activity . simon's poetry turns him into a local sensation , as it causes mute women to sing , high-school girls to swoon , and councilmen to rile against its " pornographic " content . meanwhile , henry seduces both simon's dependent mother ( porter ) and immature sister ( sundance queen posey ) with philosophical babble ( which is by turns brilliant and inane ) and breathy animal lust . these story elements result in climaxes both inevitable and unpredictable ; the teacher-student relationship formed between henry and simon eventually reverses itself . henry fool is sprinkled with hartley-ian flourishes : simon drinks milk from " udderley's " ; the big teen hang-out is called " world of donuts " ; simon wears his garbageman's uniform throughout ; the editing style is decidedly elliptical . . . ( which is key to the conclusion's said ambiguity ) . the performances by the three leads are abrasive at first , self-consciously " quirky " ; the introductory scenes are a chore . these people do grow on you because they convey genuine passion , a belief in themselves , and because they have long-term goals ; henry and simon may drink a lot of budweiser and hang out on the streetcorner , but they aren't pop slackers . the story is rather classical : the tutor is a better talker than a doer , raised on books ; the timid tutee has innate talent his master only dreams of . ( shades of film school . . . ) the finished film is epic in its proportions for a story so small , and the final third does test one's patience , yet henry fool is tight , hardly excessive in its length . how refreshing to see a movie this long in 1998 devoted entirely to character . and unless i nodded off , not a single building exploded . this , hartley's seventh feature , is contemplative about " the artist " ; fortunately , we never get a sampling of simon's work , and it's a testament to the actors and the screenplay that by the end we can surmise what sort of thoughts would pour from these writers' pens . 
the happy bastard's 30-second review : the summer of raunch continues to spread into theatres with this latest yuk fest , filled with sick jokes and teen dialogue aplenty . if you go expecting dawson's creek , you're in for a problem . if your expectations are lower ( and better , i might add ) , you will enjoy the hell out of american pie . the movie casts several unknowns , with the only real recognizable one being sctv's own eugene levy as a happy-go-lucky dad . the story revolves around four high school seniors who have one goal before the school year gets out- get laid . that's pretty much it . throughout the movie , little sick comic bits are sprinkled throughout , including a memorable scene involving an apple pie ( i won't give it away , but you probably know what it is ) and an internet broadcast gone horribly awry . of course , the movie has some slightly sentimental bits , but they don't drag the movie's humor content down that bad . most of the actors get their job done , but it's levy who's a hoot , a father who tries to talk sex with his son with the help of some curious " visual aids " . i couldn't stop laughing during this movie , and if you can stand all the raunch and the sex references , then american pie is for you . if you're one of those " conservative " types , well , i'll bet you're having fun at home while this , south park , and austin powers ii plays in theatres , now aren't you ? 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member jeremiah kipp . you can find the review with full credits at http : //a . filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/bd7281de2f9dea768825693d0014ea8b ? opendocument one of the biggest surprises at the sundance film festival was debut filmmaker aiyana elliott's documentary portrait of her cantankerous folk singer dad , the ballad of ramblin' jack . it was curious to see how well the audience responded to this deeply personal , lyrical film of lonesome highways and tough talking cowboys . aiyana elliott previously made an impression on the festival circuit with her ferocious short , tough , which offered a strong visual sensibility influenced by the washed out look of the golden era of '70s filmmaking . she knew how to truthfully portray a modern dysfunctional family , with naturalistic performances and startlingly honest dialogue , a unit whose means of communication is handled through shouting . it's not surprising to see that these themes continue in her current feature . if ms . elliott's documentary fares less well , it's perhaps because her instincts are stronger as a narrative filmmaker with control over the subject matter and , perhaps , autobiographical implications . the fact is , her dad doesn't really like to talk about herself . he flagrantly shows his lack of connection and wary affection . at nearly two hours , the film is too long , and jack elliott rambles and evades to the point where we genuinely " get it " after an hour or so . from then on , the ballad of ramblin' jack seems redundant . aiyana elliott makes herself a character in the film , along for the ride during a midwest tour and chronicling her daddy's life on the way . ramblin' jack was a big folk singer i'd never heard of . bob dylan was his pupil , and he was apparently a huge influence on the rolling stones , dylan and other rock/folk performers . kris kristofferson and arlo guthrie are among the celebrities waxing philosophical about ramblin' jack , usually saying that they never saw someone speak so well about absolutely worthless horseshit . there's a personal history unfolding , breaking through the '50s into the beatnik era and the swinging '60s , to the trippy '70s style which influences the entire movie . aiyana elliott tries to get sun flare in almost every shot which tracks down the desolate patches of road and field in the heartland of america . the interviews have a range from the honest to the superficial , which you'll find in many documentaries . when people try to get into the depth of jack's persona or personality , it feels pretty thin and rote . still , aiyana elliott is able to capture the gravity of silences , when people aren't sure what to say . there's a brilliant sequence where she asks her mom how good of a husband and father he was , and she can't answer for a good minute , trying to control her fits of laughter . there's a wonderful , definitive moment where aiyana and her dad are driving around trying to find the first house she lived in . it's important for her , a touch of personal nostalgia , and he can't find it . he finally gives up after having promised her to track it down . he's a pill , even a bit of a prick . boy , does he annoy aiyana onscreen , but the moment plays out sad and funny . that's the tone of the ballad of ramblin' jack , which earns the moment where jack sings a lonely tune for his daughter at the last concert . he's too mean to be sentimental , but the heartstrings get tugged nonetheless . 
this is one of the most funny and entertaining comedies of the year and it just happens to be animated . there are some great voice over commentaries from hollywood's most famous celebrities , some fabulous animation and a compelling story . this is the best we've seen from disney since " beauty and the beast " ( 1996 ) . this film begins an unspecified time following the happily-ever-after conclusion to toy story . in the aftermath of their earlier adventures , buzz ( voice of tim allen ) and woody ( voice of tom hanks ) are now fast friends and all the toys live in perfect harmony , content with their " lives " . one day , andy broke woody's arm off , while playing with him . woody is now officially discarged and worthless , left with his nightmares , where he lies in a trash can with the other discards . later andy's mother decides to have a yard sale , and she collects a few old toys from her son's room . since one of these discards is a member of the moving toy gang , woody goes to the rescue , leaving the safety of the house for the uncertainty of the front lawn in order to bring the toy back . although his mission is successful , he is placed in a serious predicament when a toy collector named al ( voice of wayne knight ) spies woody while hunting through the wares available at the sale . the cowboy toy represents the final collectible needed to complete his collection of merchandise from the old tv series , " woody's roundup . " if he can acquire woody , al can ship everything to a toy museum in japan for a huge profit . so , after andy's mother refuses to sell the wooden cowboy , al steals him , and it's up to the other toys , led by buzz , to go into the city to save their friend . and so , buzz , rex ( voice of wallace shawn ) , hamm ( voice of john ratzenberger ) , mr . potatohead ( voice of don rickles ) , and slinky ( voice of jim varney ) , go out on a dangerous journey to rescue their friend , they find themselves confronting things like busy streets and other buzz lightyear toys . there are car chases , gun fights and finally the confrontation between buzz and his nemesis ( who , by the way , resembles darth vader ) . meanwhile , woody learns that he was once a tv celebrity and has a family - a cowgirl named jessie ( voice of joan cusack ) , a horse named bullseye , and a father figure called the prospector ( voice of kelsey grammar ) . they offer him another life , as a celebrity -- a toy in a museum in japan . he is now forced to choose between being loved intensively by andy for a little while ( before he grows up ) and be forgotten , or be admired by children for generations . the problem is , if woody escapes from al's clutches and returns home , they will end up back in the lonely darkness of storage . a real effort is made in the technical department . the animation is rich and colorful , with lots of wonderful details . the " cinematography " is also extremely improved since toy story ; there are a lot of complicated swings , turns and close-ups that really make an impression . lighting and filters are used to create a mood ( as in a surprisingly emotional moment - jessie's remembrance of her days when she was a beloved toy ) the film contains a lot of in-side jokes ( such as the one about videogames ) , and entertaining parodies on " jurassic park " and " star wars " . the film ends with the " failed takes " , the kind of scenes that we are used to see after comedy shows on tv . these outtakes are some of the funniest scenes in the film . but what in the end makes " toy story 2 " a memorable experience is not the jokes , its multiple parodies or marvelous animation . it is its heart and emotions -- the story about the meaning of friendship , love and even life itself . it is not difficult to predict that " toy story 2 " would be a huge economical success , but its artistic achievement was unexpected . unexpected because the first film wasn't much more than a demonstration of special effects . but mostly it was unexpected because disney hasn't produced anything spectacular in years and is constantly surpassed by companies such as dreamworks and warner brs . but here the director has changed the atmosphere of the film , making it more accessible and interesting for persons older that 9 years . this is a big step-away from the ancient laws of disney-animation . off course , this is not " antz " , it is not as intelligent ; this is not a landmark and no masterpiece , but i promise that you'll find it as funny and enjoyable as i have . whether this is the best animated film of the year , i dare not say . my choice would probably be " the iron giant " , but ( along side with " american pie " ) this is the comedy of the year . i almost lost my hopes for disney , but " toy story 2 " proves that disney hasn't lost their ability to entertain . 
director : brian de palma writer : david koepp ( based on the novels " carlito's way " and " after hours " by edwin torres ) starring : al pacino , sean penn , penelope ann miller , john leguiziamo , luis guzman , john rebhorn , viggio mortensen , jorge porcel what's shocking about " carlito's way " is how good it is . having gotten a bit of a bad rap for not being a big box office hit like pacino's previous film , " scent of a woman , " and not having as strong a performance as he did in that one ( he had just won an oscar ) , " carlito's way " was destined for underrated heaven . that's what it is : an underrated gem of a movie . and what a shame because pacino and de palma both do amazing jobs with it , and turn it into a great piece of a pulpy character study . " carlito's way " deals with , well , carlito brigante ( pacino ) , a puerto rican ex-drug kingpin , who gets out of a long jailterm when his coke-addicted , curly-haired lawyer ( sean penn ) points out a legal technicality . of course , carlito was actually awoken in prison , and has decided to go straight , even if he's really a crook at heart . carlito , like barry lyndon , is a man who is trapped by fate at every turn , and can't escape into something he is not . carlito's attempts at a clean , legal life are thwarted at nearly every turn . when he first gets out , a friend of his ends up leading him into a big shoot-out , where he has to kill a couple people to survive . he's constantly getting bugged by the government to see if he's doing anything illegal , and his lawyer finds himself neck-deep in a pile of shit , needing him to try and help him out , which includes him doing some prison breaking . carlito , like ratso rizzo , wants to go to miami ( since , according to film logic , that's where it's at ) , but needs some funding . being a legend , he is quickly able to get a nice job running a big dance club ( this is the 70s , by the way , and since some of this takes place in night clubs , we get to hear all sorts of 70s classics , including several k . c . and the sunshine band tunes - my personal favorite ) . he gets a bodyguard ( the great luis guzman , at his best ) , and is soon running a pretty good business , even if he's constantly attracting underworld young thugs , like benny blanco " from the bronx " ( john leguiziamo ) , who is more than once pointed out to be a young version of carlito . on the other side , the symbol of promise and hope , is gail ( penelope ann miller - what happened to her ? ) , his girlfriend from before prison . she's a goregeous ballerina , and a stripper , and soon carlito is trying to get back with her , and take her with him when he finally leaves for miami . while this relationship is never fully defined or anything , we get a sense of love between them , and they have some truly interesting scenes between them ( she never gives him addresses or locales - he always has to track her down ) . all of these elements clash together at the end , in a brilliantly executed , emotional climax , which is inevitable . when i say inevitable , i mean we see it at the beginning and then backtrack , putting a great spin on it . sure , it's going to eleveate some of the tension , but it gives the film a lot of depth , as carlito is seen trapped by fate . what's amazing is the big chase sequence ( amazingly done by de palma ) has a lot of tension and thrills . like " apollo 13 , " we know what's going to happen , but we're still thrilled by what happens in the middle . it's also very emotional , thanks to a great script by david koepp , and amazing performances by pacino and miller . de palma is famous ( or infamous ) for lots of violence in his films . his earlier flim , " scarface " ( which starred pacino in the lead ) , has a ton of it , especially at the end ( and a nasty chainsaw scene towards the beginning which i'm still not over ) . but de palma actually reigns in more quieter scenes . to me , the best scene in the film is when carlito is on top of a building , looking down into the room where gail is doing ballet . this is the most brilliantly done , and most emotionally stimulating scene in the entire film , and probably the best in de palma film history . with a gorgeous soprano duet in the background , and rain pouring down onto a trashcan lid covering carlito's head , and a saddened , remorseful look on pacino's face , it's a tear-jerker ( well , for me , i dunno about you . . . ) . the acting from all is great , especially from the three leads . pacino was panned for his performance , chiefly because his accent wasn't puerto rican enough and , well , it wasn't as " strong " as his oscar-winning role in " scent of a woman . " well , his " scent of a woman " performance was great and all , but it was nothing really but , as comic kevin pollack said , a " foghorn leghorn impression . " in " carlito's way , " he's emotional , and strong , despite the fact that he's remorseful over his entire lifestyle , which he cannot change . i felt more for carlito brigante than i did for the tango-dancing , insult-throwing blind guy in " scent of a woman . " as i said , penelope ann miller is great , and she and pacino actually have very good chemistry . and they're scenes are well-written , with some good clever dialogue which adds some interest to an otherwise bland relationship . and sean penn is amazing as the coke-addicted rat attorney . every scene he's in , he has great energy , and even measures up to the greatness that is pacino . in smaller roles , john leguiziamo and luis guzman are great . " carlito's way " is one of those films which you heard about briefly , but when you finally watch it , you're absolutely blown away . it's a wonderful film , a highly underrated little masterpiece which was shelved after it didn't do so hot . but trust me and check it out . it's a great little film , and proof that the residential critics and mass populus are not always right . 
gramercy / 1 : 50 / 1998 / r ( violence , language , glimpses of nudity , drug use ) cast : jeff bridges ; john goodman ; julianne moore ; steve buscemi ; david huddleston ; peter stormare ; tara reid ; philip seymour hoffman ; flea ; john turturro ; sam elliott director : joel coen screenplay : ethan coen ; joel coen you know you're in for a truly different cinematic experience the moment you realize steve buscemi has been cast as the movie in question's most normal character . such is the case with " the big lebowski , " joel and ethan coen's first venture since their " fargo " nabbed nationwide acclaim and a mantlepiece of academy award nods . there's no need to fear that the coens suffered creative burnout with that accomplishment , because " lebowski " is an effort that makes words like " strange " and " unusual " seem like an understatement . thanks in part to delicious characterization and an all-encompassing sense of humor , the film is a smashing success . the central oddball here is the dude ( jeff bridges ) , an unemployed cad whose ambitions appear to be zilch beyond smoking pot , drinking beer and going bowling ( are you college students already rooting for him , or what ? ) . one night , a pair of thugs break into his house and pee on his carpet , a threatening act that's supposed to be carried out against a famous pasadena millionaire ( david huddleston ) who shares his birth name -- jeff lebowski -- with the dude . once the dude realizes this coincidence , he visits the big lebowski in hopes to claim reparations for his soiled rug , and is back to his normal life with alley pals walter ( john goodman ) , a hotheaded vietnam vet , and donny ( buscemi ) , a mild-mannered surfer , before too long . soon , though , lebowski's trampy trophy wife bunny ( tara reid ) is kidnaped and held for a hefty ransom , and he turns to the dude for help . it seems bunny's troubles are related to a line of work she's kept secret from her husband -- she's actually an adult film star and is very in debt with a shady producer named jackie treehorn . the dude , now on lebowski's payroll , accepts the offer and agrees to handle the money drop ; walter tags along and insists that the dude keep the cash for himself . chaos obviously ensues , and the dude eventually finds himself in hot water with cops , crooks and lebowski's ultra-eccentric artist daughter maude ( julianne moore ) . " the big lebowski " deserves to win the coens the same amount of acclaim that " fargo " did ; while that 1996 black comedy was certainly a better film , " lebowski " is at least as breathtakingly imaginative . the movie boasts a mile-high absurdity level that sometimes threatens to topple over , but thankfully never does . the coens ( joel directed , ethan produced and both wrote ) keep you in stitches as they unravel their exceedingly loopy tale , and must be commended for juggling a number of people and subplots one would expect to find in a robert altman flick . whether we're watching bridges fend off a marmet in his bathtub or moore don viking duds and dance in a busby berkeley-esque dream sequence , " the big lebowski " is immensely lively . there are those who will dislike this film , but not because it's boring . the cast has a great deal of fun with the bounteous material they're given . bridges exudes a likeable , surprisingly sweet presence ; his dude sure isn't the cleanest guy around , but you'd still follow him to another movie . goodman merits 1998's first oscar consideration , as walter's manic temper is one of " the big lebowski " 's many highlights ; the same goes for moore , whose throaty , delectable performance as maude is a hilarious hoot . john turturro may very well steal the movie with his two scenes as a colorful bowler from a rival faction . sam elliott's rambling narration gets the film off to a solid start . and some will recognize peter stormare -- " fargo " 's silent heavy -- as carl hungus , a porn star who's really a samurai sword-wielding german nihilist and has-been pop star . only in its final third does the movie falter , with a couple of loose plot threads and some cast members who quickly disappear and never emerge for a curtain call . these flaws are forgivable , though -- the coens have crafted a tale so rich with personality that it's hard to look at the final product with anything but a big grin on your face . without a doubt , " the big lebowski " is the best film so far this year . sure , we're only three months in and the competition ( " deep rising , " " desperate measures , " " the wedding singer , " etc . ) has been pretty bland , but it's still the gospel truth . maybe during next awards season , " lebowski " won't be a far cry from " fargo . " © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ 
hedwig and the angry inch ( 2001 ) john cameron mitchell , miriam shor , stephen trask , michael pitt , theodore liscinski , michael aronov , andrea martin , maurice dean wint , ben mayer-goodman . animation by emily hubley . adapted from the stage play by john cameron mitchell and stephen trask . music and lyrics by stephn trask . written and directed by john cameron mitchell . 91 minutes . review by ed johnson-ott , nuvo newsweekly www . nuvo . net archive reviews at http : //reviews . imdb . com/reviewsby ? edward + johnson-ott to receive reviews by e-mail at no charge , send subscription requests to ejohnsonott@prodigy . net or e-mail ejohnsonott-subscribe@onelist . com with the word " subscribe " in the subject line . had " hedwig and the angry inch " came out in the '70s , right after david bowie's " ziggy stardust , " it likely would now be regarded as one of the most popular rock musicals of all time . released in the 500 channel , sensory overload world of 2001 , however , the big screen adaptation of the acclaimed off-broadway musical must do battle with countless other productions clamoring for attention . i almost missed it . every august , the major studios try to squeeze the last few dollars out of summer moviegoers by dumping all of their shakier offerings on the marketplace at once . i was so busy trying to keep up with national releases like " summer catch " and " bubble boy " that i passed over any independent film that looked like it would only have a short local run . but an e-mail from a reader asking why i hadn't reviewed the movie prompted me to make a late evening trip to the theater . 
for more " movie views by jamey hughton " visit : http : //welcome . to/movieviews runaway bride is a pretty woman reunion that feels more light and fluffy than it's predecessor . but , despite it's obvious tone and rather formulaic script , it still manages to be a crowd-pleaser . the stars do a great deal to enliven what is actually a sub-par romance . richard gere plays ike graham , a usa today columnist who is desperate for a story idea . through an acquaintance in a bar , he discovers information that could make for interesting reading : a small-town girl named maggie carpenter ( julia roberts ) , dubbed as the `runaway bride' , has become notorious for leaving her groom at the alter for a series of up to 7 or 8 incidents . graham , rushing to meet the deadline , types up the column to have it published in the paper the following day . but the real maggie carpenter spots the headline , and does not appreciate the gross exaggerations that graham uses in his writing style ( she insists it was only three times that she high-tailed it out of a wedding ) . his editor ( and ex-wife , played by rita wilson ) ends up firing ike , but a friend ( played by hector elizondo ) offers him another chance to get his facts straight . and so the big city boy goes off to hale , maryland to investigate the real truth and attempt to express his apologies to maggie . who knows , the two might even fall for each other in the end . . . . . . it was a wise move for director gary marshall to return to his romance roots and try to re-invent his biggest hit . lately , marshall has been lagging seriously behind ( i'm pretty sure exit to eden didn't make any ten best lists ) . this reunion with roberts and gere should be a sure-fire hit , and even if the material is recycled scrap , the presentation is modestly charming and always watchable . both stars look pretty enough to single-handedly save any film , no matter how terribly the script may be constructed . runaway bride is predictable , to say the least , but it has a certain charm . the supporting cast is made up of largely familiar faces , including another pretty woman vet : hector elizondo . elizondo stole many scenes in the 1990 film as a courteous hotel owner , and his performance here is again impressive . joan cusack , as maggie's quirky best friend , is basically typecast once again and injects a lot of natural humor into the proceedings . the two lead characters hate each other so much it seems impossible that they'll end up together . minimal sparks fly between roberts and gere , but they both turn in believable performances , even as they are being pushed toward a highly improbable happy ending . star power is the glue that holds this film together . the script has all the regular clichés associated with this kind of film , and reliance on the lead performances is huge . the set-up has some obvious problems , but once runaway bride gets into a natural flow , it's easy to enjoy . but please , next time spare us some of the humor associated with maggie's perverted grandmother , who explains in detail her disastrous honeymoon night . this is a light romantic comedy , and a character like hers seems somewhat out of place . this is julia roberts' second summer romance ( the first was notting hill ) , and she has submitted another charming performance . still , this remains pretty woman-lite . the pg rating ensures the film is suitable for family viewing , but it also adds some restrictions . someone searching for a sweet escape to the theater could do far worse than runaway bride , if they are in the mood for something fitfully entertaining but not terribly original . this has been done a dozen times before , but never with this kind of star charisma . 
directed by bill condon . cast : ian mckellen , brendan fraser , lynn redgrave , lolita davidovich . 1998 - 106 minutes . rated r ( for profanity , brief nudity , and sexual situations ) . reviewed january 8 , 1999 . bill condon's " gods and monsters " is a fascinating look into the last days in the life of gay director james whale ( ian mckellan ) , who made the horror classics " frankenstein " and " bride of frankenstein . " since i was unfamiliar of whale prior to viewing the film , there is no way to know how accurate the film is , but i suspect that much of it only came from whale's inner fantasies and hallucinations . whale , who fought in wwi and then went on to become known for his work on horror pictures , decided fifteen years before his death at age 67 to quit filmmaking once a homosexual scandal broke out involving him . as the film tells it , during the end of his life , whale , at his large home in l . a . , became infatuated with the tall , handsome , and much younger man , clayton boone ( brendan fraser ) , who was working as the gardener at his home . james whale , we learn quickly was , what many people refer to him as in the film , " a dirty old man . " in one of the opening scenes , a young film enthusiast visits whale's home to interview him and whale agrees , on one condition : for every question he answers , the young man must take off an article of clothing . because of this episode , we know exactly what it is whale wants when he asks clayton to pose for him for a painting , later making the excuse that his bright , white shirt is disracting only so he will take it off . clayon agrees , and doesn't really think much of this , much to the warnings of his friends , becoming more and more intrigued in the stories whale tells him about his past . certainly , the relationship between whale and boone is headed for a downfall , since whale starts to grow a deep love for this young man , even though boone is not gay , and whale himself realizes he is nearing the conclusion to his life , as he begins to seldom suffer mild strokes and moments of true catharsis . " gods and monsters " is an intimate and seemingly respectful portrait of a director who was forced to become somewhat of an outcast , due to his sexual preference , and never got the recognition he would have liked , since he longed to be referred to as a " motion picture director , " rather than a " horror director . " and in one heartbreaking scene , he attends a party with boone being his guest , held by director george cuckor , and finds that many of the other attendees do not recognize him anymore . it is evident that whale's first love in his life was making movies , and when his career ultimately fell apart , so did his passion in life . as played brilliantly by ian mckellen , james whale comes off as a sad , but dignified man , and a person who was not afraid to stand out from others , just as long as he knew he was being true to himself . he never hid the fact that he was gay , however , even if it meant threatening his filmmaking profession , and it was this unblinking honesty that made him a great person . through the complicated relationship that develops between whale and boone , boone , of course , only things of whale as a possible friend or someone he can talk to , while it means so much more to whale , who sees boone as sort of his salvation in life . although boone is only in a dead-end job as a gardener of people's homes , whale views him as the ideal man , not only one that is good-looking , even though it is this attraction that first begins his feelings , but one that will actually listen to him . since whale lives with only his loyal , but disapproving maid ( touchingly portrayed by lynn redgrave ) , it is boone that whale can talk to in his ultimate reclusion from the world , and the only reason whale finally decides to attend the gathering of george cuckor . although an extremely fine and mature picture , a few small elements hold the film back from ultimate greatness . it is appreciated that the film does not pull for any obvious or overly dramatic story developments , but it is a little thin , and the structuring of the " on-again-off-again " friendship at the film's center is fairly predictable . we know early on where these two characters are headed , and we can guess that there will be a final confrontation between the two as the tension slowly builds . in lesser hands , this set-up might have felt too calculated , but it is not in the surprisingly deft treatment and writing that helps the film to be much more than this . also , a subplot is briefly brought up between clayton and a waitress working at a bar ( effectively played by lolita davidovich ) , but abruptly dropped and never brought up again . if the film was not going to follow up on this side story , then it , perhaps , should have been taken out altogether . " gods and monsters " is a heartfelt and intelligent motion picture , impressively directed by bill condon , who , i sense , relates to or fully understands the meaning behind the curious relationship between whale and boone . the film also plays as a tribute to a fine man who met an untimely end . walking away from " gods and monsters , " it was ian mckellen's marvelous and astounding performance that left the most impression on me , and i doubt there could have been anyone who could have stepped into the role more fully and believably . it is a sad testament when a person's true talent and love is unfairly taken away from them , based on the scrutinization and judgement of their personal life , which , ironically enough , is no one else's business in the first place . - copyright 1999 by dustin putman dustin putman's film haven  
disney cements their place in the forefront of feature animation with the release of their latest animated adventure , mulan . while it adheres a bit too close to the disney formula to be perfect , it is nonetheless an entertaining film for both kids and adults . fa mulan ( ming-na wen , singing : lea salonga ) wants nothing more than to be a dutiful daughter and honor her family . . . it's just that she doesn't quite fit in with the chafing customs of her time . while most girls her age are trying to quietly and demurely seek the approval of the local matchmaker ( miriam margoyles ) , mulan would prefer speaking her mind . but there is trouble on the horizon . the evil huns , led by shan-yu ( miguel ferrer ) , are invading china . the emperor ( pat morita ) has decreed that each family must donate one man to serve in the army . the only male in mulan's family is her father , fa zhou ( soon-tek oh ) , who , old and with a bad leg , honorably accepts his fate . mulan , on the other hand , decides to save her father's life . . . by secretly masquerading as a man and taking his place on the battlefield . mulan , under the assumed name of ping , appears at camp where she , along with the other bumbling recruits , yao ( harvey fierstein ) , chien-po ( jerry tondo ) and ling ( gedde watanabe ) , are trained in the art of war by captain shang ( b . d . wong , singing : donny osmond ) . but she's not alone in her tasks . . . in typical disney fashion , she has three animal companions : her horse khan , a lucky cricket crickey , and a pint-sized " guardian " dragon called mushu ( eddie murphy ) . much like the gargoyles in the hunchback of notre dame , the humor in mulan is lukewarm and doesn't flow well with the rest of the more serious story . sure , some occasional comic relief is welcome , particularly in a film geared for the younger set , but mulan overdoes it . the overdose of humor turns what could have been a powerfully great film into a good , but schizophrenic experience . but , that commentary aside , this is a very well made film ( which makes the formulaic additions all the more regrettable ) . the animation is on par with some of disney's best . the story itself is interesting , and the action scenes are awe-inspiring . the musical score to the film is enjoyable , though , as has been the case with disney's recent work , the songs are mostly forgettable . at least , we're only subjected to four of them this time around . mulan boasts the highest death toll of any disney cartoon to date . most of the killing is off-screen and it's all highly depersonalized ( there's nothing to compare with the death of mufasa or bambi's mom ) . there's nothing graphic , and the film resides snugly inside a g rating . children will probably have more questions about the restrictive ancient customs than of the slaughter of armies . it's ironic that a film concerned with bucking tradition is hampered because of its strict adherence to disney tradition . if the filmmakers had the guts to lessen the humor , ax the compulsory songs , and remove the obligatory ( and somewhat unrealistic ) romance , they could have had a classic on their hands . instead , they merely deliver a very good time at the movies . 
susan granger's review of " the perfect storm " ( warner bros . ) " more people die on fishing boats , per capita , than working in any other job in the u . s . . every journey a fishing boat makes can be an all-or-nothing risk . it is life at its most exhilarating and its most terrifying , " says director wolfgang petersen ( " das boot " ) . and that's just what he captures in this true story of struggle and humanity aboard a swordfishing boat , the andrea gail , sailing out of gloucester , massachusetts , in late october , 1991 . early in bill wittliff's screenplay , based on sebastian junger's best-seller , we meet the crew of six . the veteran captain ( george clooney ) is frustrated because he can't find fish on the grand banks , yet a rival skipper ( mary elizabeth mastrantonio ) brings in huge hauls . his right-hand man ( mark walhberg ) needs money to build a new life with his girl-friend ( diane lane ) . there's a devoted dad ( john c . reilly ) with an estranged wife and son , a free-spirited jamaican ( allen payne ) , a lonely guy ( john hawkes ) , and a last-minute replacement with a bad attitude ( william fichtner ) . the skipper's convinced he can change his bad luck streak in remote flemish cap , and he does . but then trouble begins . there's a rogue wave , a man overboard and the ice machine breaks - with 60 , 000 lb . of fish that could spoil . but that's minor compared with a deadly monster storm approaching which a boston meteorologist describes as " a disaster of epic proportions " that also threatens the lives of a coast guard helicopter rescue team trying to save three people stranded on a sailboat on the high seas . it's formulaic and there are cliches , but the walls of water , created by fluid dynamics simulating real-life phenomena , are awesome . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the perfect storm " is a terrifying , suspenseful 8 . hang on for the white-knuckle thrill ride of the summer ! 
columbia / 1 : 52 / 1997 / pg-13 ( language , violence , sex , brief nudity ) cast : ethan hawke ; uma thurman ; jude law ; gore vidal ; alan arkin ; loren dean ; elias koteas ; xander berkeley ; jayne brook ; tony shalhoub director : andrew niccol screenplay : andrew niccol " gattaca " represents a solid breakthrough in the recent onslaught of science-fiction films -- it's a genre picture that doesn't rely on alien creatures or loud explosions to tell its story . the movie takes place in a futuristic world where babies are created through genetic tampering and not sexual reproduction . this allows parents to predetermine what kind of eye color , intelligence and life span they'd like for their child , and also eliminates most pesky chances of health defects . those made the old-fashioned way are labeled as " in-valids " and confined to the lower rung of society . vincent freeman ( ethan hawke ) is one such person , born not too long before the genetic process was perfected and forced to grow up in a home with his petrie dish-molded younger brother anton . fed up with being second-rate and enchanted by dreams of one day traveling through space , vincent leaves home and takes a janitorial position at the gattaca aerospace corporation . everyday , he watches as " superior " folk make his fantasy a reality . determined to do the same , vincent meets a dna broker ( tony shalhoub in a funny cameo ) who sells fake identities to in-valids . his counterpart for this scam is jerome morrow ( jude law ) , an ex-athlete left paralyzed in an accident and confined to a wheelchair for life . for a price and the promise of a caretaker , jerome supplies vincent with his identity , as well as blood , skin and urine samples for all of those pesky on-the-job tests and physical examinations -- this future is one where employees clock in by pricking their fingers instead of punching a time card . because of his drastically improved status , vincent is quickly propelled to a high position in gattaca , and catches the eye of comely co-worker irene ( uma thurman ) on the way -- obsessed with her own minor heart defect , she's enamored by his flawless persona she doesn't know is a lie . but on the figurative eve of his upcoming planetary departure , the mission director is murdered . two ardent detectives ( alan arkin and billy bathgate's loren dean ) determine the killer is on the inside of gattaca , and the sole clue they find at the crime scene -- one of vincent's eyelashes -- threatens to blow vincent's cover and derail his goal . even if " gattaca " were dramatically empty , it would still boast a sublime set of production credentials -- the film's look is dazzling without ever being flashy . first-time director/writer andrew niccol ( he also wrote the screenplay for the upcoming jim carrey drama " the truman show " ) demonstrates a keen eye for the stylish ; his collaboration with cinematographer slawomir idziak , production designer jan roelfs and costume designer colleen atwood result in a sophisticated composition that emanates classy , retro ambiance . an opening credits sequence -- where skin , nail and hair fragments fall in slow-motion through a colored camera lens -- displays these combined talents uncannily . niccol even utilizes voice-over narration ( a device almost always poorly-employed ) in an effective way . when it comes to acting , the movie is also flawless . ethan hawke does magnificent work , proving his ability to carry a film and reaffirming his enormously high charisma level . his chemistry with thurman is a bit on the icy side , but needfully so , adding to the setting's clinical chill . as the bitter jerome , jude law has a star-making presence , and it's his scenes with hawke that give the movie its fine emotional core . in " gattaca " 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful . things get a little strange as the movie nears its climax , when vincent's relationship with his brother comes back into view . the big dramatic culmination is a swim race , which is somewhat silly albeit beautifully photographed . still , the single most surprising aspect of gattaca is its use of backdrop -- it's successful sci-fi without showy special effects , it's a crisp thriller with character-driven thrills , it's a futuristic fable without blood and guts . even its murder mystery is relegated to a secondary subplot , ensuring that a smart story about smart people and smart science takes center stage . although it's portrayal of the upcoming century is grim , " gattaca " serves up one of the most thought-provoking societal forecasts ever depicted on film . © 1997 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ 
central station ( central do brazil ) ( brazil-france , 1998 )  directed by walter salles , jr . written by joao emanuel carneiro and marcos bernstein , based on an idea by salles . photography , walter carvalho . editing , isabelle rathery , felipe lacerda . poduction design , cassio amarante , carla caffe . music , antonio pinto , jaques morelembaum . producers , arthur cohn , martine de clermont-tonnerre . cast : fernanda montenegro ( dora ) , vinicius de oliveira ( josue ) , mariela pera ( irene ) , othon bastos ( cesar the truck driver ) , et al . a sony classics release . in portuguese , subtitled . 110 min . r ( language ) mix the following ingredients : brazil's own 1960's cinema novo's first wave ( political , socially conscious , realistic ) ; the road movies genre ; early italian neorealist films ; cinema-verite ; and bits of epistolary films . take as your subject the undying category in which a tough ( or just gruff ) man or woman gets somehow stuck with a kid ( generally but not always sweet like shirley temple or freddie bartholomew ) that will mellow the adult ; think of the current remake of cassavetes' " gloria . " and what do you get in central station ? a hybrid ? not at all . you get an original , un-gimmicky , un-icky , un-cliched , attention-holding , touching film that opens your eyes on major aspects of the human condition in brazil and on that country's people and life . obviously , the movie has been appreciated , with awards and/or applause at several festivals , including the top prize at the berlin festival . it is also a contender in the best foreign film category at the 1999 oscars . rio de janeiro's central train station where 300 , 000 people move about each day , is a microcosm of urban society . the station looks to me ( but i may be wrong ) like the hub of local trains rather than long-distance travel . also , the majority of the people we see are working class , low income or no income cariocas , cheaply clad -- a far cry from the well-dressed crowds in north american commuter trains . ( to anticipate comments , i do know that , as i write this in cold february , it is 90 degrees in rio , and people are in shirt-sleeves , but shabbiness prevails at the station by any standards ) . the mobs are busy rushing into the trains . many younger men jump into the wagons through open windows . the place is also a hive of makeshift stores and stands . early into the movie there's a horrendous scene . a man who has lifted something from a shop is pursued . two cops catch up with him . they take his loot , and , without thinking twice about it , one of the lawmen puts a bullet in the fellow's head . nothing is made of this . life is cheap . dora , in her mid-to-late 60s , and no beauty --to put it mildly--is a retired elementary school teacher . to make ends meet , in the cavernous station she has a table on which she writes letters that many illiterates dictate to her and gets also paid for putting on stamps later and mailing the envelopes . but , tough , brusque and caustic , the scribe is also a scam artist . when she gets to her dismal apartment by the tracks , she brings along her daily bag of letters that she's supposed to mail , and shows them to her friend irene . irene may be her roommate or her neighbor , it's not clear . clearly though , she is the only friend in dora's depressing life . irene , younger , jolly and a still nice-looking fading beauty , is probably a prostitute , though this is not elaborated . at home , dora perhaps selects a few envelops that she mails . for sure , she tears up many of them and puts the rest in drawers , where they probably remain forever . among her customers is a woman with her 9-year old boy josue . her husband , a drunkard , left her long ago . she want him back , for herself and for their fatherless child . that woman is killed by a bus right outside the station . the plight of the child is even more tragic if you are aware of the horrendous problem of millions of street-children in brazil . their survival is a tragedy ; many even get killed by the police for no reason . soon , hard-as-nails dora takes streetwise and sullen josue to her place . her unexpected kindness is undone when she sells the boy to a shabby " agency " which supposedly supplies children to adoptive parents abroad . dora returns home with a new color tv set , on which , with subtle , symbolic , irony , we see only black-and-white programs . but an aghast irene tells her that the agency is a fake , that the kids will be killed for their organs . dora rushes back , kidnaps josue and in fear of retaliation , flees with him to look for the missing father . this is where the travels begin . it's more of a road movie than an odyssey since the " adventures " are on a small , intimate rather than a grand scale . the grand scale is only in the vastness of brazil , the world's fifth largest nation . the woman and the rebellious josue take a lot of busses . when hardly solvent or broke they hitch rides in trucks . most of this is in the " sertao " of the north east , brazil's thinly populated , often barren outback . ( it's a neat reversal of the poor of those areas trudging to the promised land of big cities ) . the trip , the landscape , the places seen are harsh . nothing is paved in this barrenness , except for the main highways . the viewers are given a tour which , like the entire film , is extremely well photographed and uncompromisnly realistic . we are light years away from the commonly pictured touristic brazil with its fiestas and the thong-wearing beauties of the copcabana beach . credit director salles's experience as a documentarist . he is objective but has a heart . while the protagonists gradually , as expected , draw closer to each other , salles , with much naturalness , avoids sentimentalizing people or places . yet his eyes and ears are full of quiet sympathy for what , to use bunuel's title , are los olvidados , the forgotten ones who struggle to subsist . the people whom the woman and the child come across , by and large are decent folks who live in squalor . an episode with a nice , warm , older trucker , an evangelical who , for a brief spell , stirs the woman in dora , is effortlessly touching . and in a long , spectacular sequence , dora and josue find themselves in a throng of pilgrims that go to revere jesus in acts of hope and of self-consolation . ( one should not , by the way , make too much of names such as josue ( joshua ) and jesus , the elusive father , nor the fact that jesus is a sort of carpenter . symbolism may be present , but with a light touch . curiously , in the other main candidate for best foreign film oscar this year ( life is beautiful ) the woman is called dora and the child is josue the humanity of the dora-josue twosome has enormous appeal . she is one of brazil's top stage actresses -- and light years away from the looks of sharon stone in gloria ! ) he was a poor shoeshine boy whom the director discovered in an airport . their performances are so real that the word " acting " never comes into your mind . what might come to mind is the great italian film " stolen children , " as well as its contrast with central station , whose poverty makes even the italian south look relatively wealthy . the most upsetting sight for me , one that encapsulates the movie , is the the picture of a goat in a sertao village . the animal , trying to graze in the barren dust , walks somehow with his two broken front legs . yet the total movie does not stress grimness . it has its natural quota of positiveness , even unforced humor . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
starring : matthew broderick ( dr . niko " nick " tatopoulos ) , maria pitillo ( audrey timmonds ) , jean reno ( philippe roache ) , hank azaria ( victor " animal " palotti ) , harry shearer ( charles caiman ) , kevin dunn ( colonel hicks ) , arabella field ( lucy palotti ) , doug savant ( sergeant o'neal ) , vicki lewis ( dr . elsie chapman ) , michael lerner ( mayor ebert ) , lorry goldman ( gene ) , and godzilla as himself directed by : roland emmerich , written by : dean devlin & roland emmerichrated pg-13 for violence , mild profanity , and mild sexual innuendo 
that's the question i asked myself when venturing nervously into " the wedding singer , " the latest film to star the saturday night live alumnus . does he draw laughs from his sad , puppy dog expression and don't-hate-me-for-being-a-simpleton observations ? or do fans giggle when he screams at the top of his lungs at people ? or is it just the fact that he sings songs with silly lyrics that bowl audiences over ? well , there's a little bit of all of that in " the wedding singer " and while i exited the theater still not one hundred percent sure of mr . sandler's thing , i did have a surprisingly good time . that's because , in a nutshell , " the wedding singer " is one of the sweetest movies you're ever likely to come across . that's right . sweet . the humor in the film runs the gamut from dumb to mildly amusing to laugh-out-loud hysterical but the tone ? well , it's just lovely . i have to admit i was half-expecting farting armpit humor , gratuitous nudity , superfluous , cloying subplots , and some nasty , unnecessary violence . instead ? well , i've said it before . sweet . the year is 1985 and sandler plays robbie hart , the eponymous wedding singer , a job aspiring rock stars often settle for . when robbie's fiancée dumps him at his own altar , robbie gets depressed and turns to a plucky waitress called julia ( drew barrymore ) who has some problems of her own ( she's marrying a hunky junk bonds dealer who , unbeknownst to her , isn't that big on monogamy ) . it isn't giving anything away to say that robbie and julia fall in love . aww . . . sandler and barrymore are a good match and they're assisted by some terrific cameo appearances , including steve buscemi and jon lovitz , whose individual scenes are perhaps the funniest in the film . writer tim herlihy ( with uncredited assistance from carrie fisher ) keeps the story bubbling along to its predictable conclusion . it doesn't all work but it's handled with such light-heartedness that robbie and julia coming together generates more smiles than groans . herlihy and director frank coraci have done a great job of recreating the sights , sounds , and affectations of the 1980s . the soundtrack--an ever-present force in the film--is packed with wall-to-wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol's " white wedding " to the smiths' " how soon is now ? " to culture club's " do you really want to hurt me ? " the mix of music and fashion would make " the wedding singer " a great double feature with " boogie nights . " if you grew up listening to the cure and a flock of seagulls and the psychedelic furs , then " the wedding singer " is bound to put a nostalgic hop in your stride . if you're a fan of the lovable , laughable adam sandler , well . . . let's just say that " the wedding singer " might well be the only film in recent memory to make * me * want to rent " happy gilmore . " 
cast : matt damon , robin williams , ben affleck , stellan skarsgard , minnie driver , casey affleck , cole hauser director : gus van sant producer : lawrence bender screenplay : matt damon and ben affleck cinematography : jean-yves escoffier music : danny elfman u . s . distributor : miramax films in essence , good will hunting is an ordinary story told well . taken as a whole , there's little that's special about this tale -- it follows a traditional narrative path , leaves the audience with a warm , fuzzy feeling , and never really challenges or surprises us . but it's intelligently written ( with dialogue that is occasionally brilliant ) , strongly directed , and nicely acted . so , while good will hunting is far from a late-year masterpiece , it's a worthwhile sample of entertainment . like scent of a woman , which was released around this time of the season five years ago , good will hunting is about the unlikely friendship that develops between a world-weary veteran and a cocky young man . the formula for the two films is similar -- both of the principals learn from each other as they slowly break down their barriers on the way to a better understanding of life and their place in it -- but the characters are different . al pacino's slade was a larger-than-life individual ; robin williams' sean mcguire is much more subtle . and matt damon's will hunting uses pugnaciousness to supplant the blandness of chris o'donnell's charlie . will is a troubled individual . as a child , he was the frequent victim of abuse . an orphan , he was in and out of foster homes on a regular basis . now , not yet 21 years old , he has accumulated an impressive rap sheet . he has a short temper and any little incident can set him off like a spark in a tinder box . but he's a mathematical genius with a photographic memory and the ability to conceive simple solutions to complex problems . while working as a janitor at mit , he delights in anonymously proving theorems on the math building's hall blackboards . then , one evening , his anonymity is shattered when professor lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) catches him at work . will flees , but lambeau tracks him down . unfortunately , by the time the professor finds him , will is in jail for assaulting a police offer . the judge agrees to release will under two conditions : that he spend one day a week meeting with lambeau and that he spend one day a week meeting with a therapist . eventually , once several psychologists have rejected the belligerent young man , sean mcguire , a teacher at bunker hill community college , agrees to take the case . after a rocky start , the two form a rapport and will begins to explore issues and emotions he had walled up behind impregnable armor . and , as will advances his self-awareness in sessions with sean , he also learns about friendship from his buddy , chuckie ( ben affleck ) , and love from a harvard co-ed named skylar ( minnie driver ) . the script , by co-stars matt damon and ben affleck , is not a groundbreaking piece of literature , and occasionally resorts to shameless manipulation . the characters are well-developed , however , and there are times when the dialogue positively sparkles . at one point , will comments that a session with sean is turning into a " taster's choice moment . " later , will gives a brilliant , breathless diatribe against the nsa that has the rhythm of something written by kevin smith . ( note : since smith co-executive produced good will hunting , it's not out of the question that he had some input into this scene . ) director gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , to die for ) culls genuine emotion from his actors , and this results in several affecting and powerful scenes . there's an edginess to some of the sean/will therapy sessions , and the offscreen chemistry between matt damon and minnie driver ( who became romantically linked while making this film ) translates effectively to the movie -- the will/skylar relationship is electric . likewise , the companionability of damon and affleck is apparent in the easygoing nature of will and chuckie's friendship . many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic . matt damon , who recently starred as the idealistic young lawyer in the rainmaker , is solid ( although not spectacular ) as will . minnie driver ( last seen in grosse pointe blank ) adds another strong performance to a growing resume ( and it's refreshing that she was allowed to keep her british accent rather than having to attempt an american one ) . the outstanding performance of the film belongs to robin williams , whose sean is sad and wise , funny and somber . arguably the best dramatic work in the actor's career ( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination . adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) . like most of what comes before it , the ending of good will hunting is completely predictable . but meeting expectations and following a familiar path aren't always bad things in a movie , provided the film accomplishes those goals with a modicum of style and an attention to detail . good will hunting does both , and , as a result , earns a rating commensurate with the " good " in the title . 
scream 2  directed by wes craven . written by kevin williamson . starring neve campbell , courtney cox , david arquette . only a year after the initial release of " scream , " the horror send-up from veteran horror director wes craven and screenwriter kevin williamson that seemed to breathe new life into the slasher genre , the inevitable sequel " scream 2 " has arrived in our theaters . while the tongue-in-cheek , parodic element is still noticeable in this film , it's really a sideshow to a broader commentary on violence and the media and a more conventional horror story . the first film , while often violent and gruesome , was mostly lacking in genuine scares because almost every scene was played for camp value and the discussion of the quirks and cliches of horror movies was nearly constant . the premise of " scream 2 " is that a series of copycat killings begin when a movie called " stab , " based on a book written by opportunistic reporter gail weathers ( courtney cox ) about the events in " scream , " is released and two audience members are killed during the opening screening . i had heard about this scene before i went to see the film and was surprised to find this sequence largely lacking in camp comedy . its conclusion , in which a bleeding , wounded woman stumbles in front of the screen and dies in front of an audience that cheers on because they think it's a publicity stunt , is more surreal and disturbing than anything else . the satire in " scream 2 " thus takes on a broad focus and gradually evolves into an exploration of media perceptions in general . although resident horror film geek randy ( jamie kennedy ) is back with fresh dialogue about sequels ( and , interestingly enough , how they are usually inferior to their predecessors ) , the characters in this movie are drawing from other entries in the pop culture encyclopedia as well . everything from " friends " and " saved by the bell " to " showgirls " and " terminator 2 " is referenced here ; horror is only one of many genres available for lampooning , and there aren't any " wes carpenter " jokes this time . more importantly , this film portrays characters willing to go to disturbing lengths for media attention as well as characters whose perceptions have clearly been warped by what they have seen on tv and film . the killings are clearly an imitation of the previous murders from " scream " ( in fact , the culprit even plans to use the influence of horror movies as a courtroom defense ) , weathers exploits the situation for her own notoriety , and one man seems willing to save the heroine's life only if it will earn him an interview on the today show . understandably , " scream 2 " does not go so far as to actually blame the movies , but rather shows that those who do imitate horror movies are already sick and twisted . couple that with the fact that several of the characters , most notably the lead character sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , are fairly well-developed and that there are some genuine moments of spine-chilling suspense , and what we have is a pretty darned good horror movie in its own right . we don't just get the horror of scary masks and graphic gore - we also get the horror of sympathetic characters who seem helpless as their friends are slaughtered ( and , in one case , a significant character who was an audience favorite even bites the dust ) and whose lives have been reduced to constant fear of a crazed murderer lurking around the corner . while i have not seen any of his other work , it's easy to see why craven is generally touted as the most sophisticated " slasher film " director , as he clearly cares about something more than just the actual acts of slashing . unfortunately , " scream 2 " occasionally reverts to the time-honored horror tradition of throwing logic out the window . for example , several characters seem quite clearly dead and inexplicably turn up alive later - there has been a running gag in both movies about the villain being able to pull off this particular trick , but it also happens with other characters and in an even less believable fashion . there are also a few scenes in which the killer suddenly appears behind the next victim in a situation such that ( s ) he clearly would have been seen moving in that direction . as for the question of whether or not " scream 2 " is yet another sequel not as good as its predecessor . . . well , it's hard to say . i gave the first " scream " 3 1/2 stars as well because it worked pretty consistently as a light-hearted send-up . " scream 2 " bounces all over the place stylistically , but it does a better job delivering the genuine scares and asking the questions about media violence that were only hinted at in the first installment . i'm not sure which is the better movie , but i did leave the theater convinced of one thing : sequels , however much randy might argue , do not necessarily suck . 
note to moderator : please credit this review to brian matherly at bmath2000@hotmail . com .  thanks ! cast : trey parker ( billed as " juan schwartz " ) , matt stone , dian bachar , jason mchugh , ian hardin , jon hegel , toddy walters , andy kemler written and directed by : trey parker ( billed as " trey parker " ) running time : 90 minutes insane ( but inspired ) musical about alferd packer , the first man ever tried for cannibalism in america . as the story unfolds we learn what events led to packer ( trey parker ) supposedly killing and eating the five men who got lost while accompanying him through the mountains of colorado in search of gold . throughout , packer must contend with evil trappers bent on stealing his prized horse , a tribe of `ute' indians that doesn't seem quite on the mark , and a terrible winter storm that leads to the eventual cannibalism . parker obviously knows his musicals very well , because the viewer is also treated to some of the most maddeningly catchy songs to appear in a film ( he would accomplish this again in his post-cannibal ! musical motion picture , south park : bigger , longer , and uncut ) . apart from the inherent interest of seeing a pre- " south park " parker and stone in their first effort , cannibal ! also offers up some pretty decent laughs . the aforementioned `ute' indian tribe that packer's group encounters is a definite highlight , as are two rousing musical numbers about snowmen ( one of which ends on a comedically deadly note ) . stone's humphrey character steals the show , especially when complaining about the prospect of having to `eat butt' or revealing what's underneath his muff cap . jason mchugh's character of mr . miller is the stand out performance though , as he offers a hilarious dissenting voice to the proceedings . as i mentioned before , parker's songs are very catchy . you'll be hard pressed to get `it's a shpadoinkle day' out of your head once you've heard it ( incidentally , the braniff logo that appears at the end of every " south park " episode is scored with a few notes from this song ) . other songs you'll find yourself humming include `when i was on top of you' ( a love ballad ) , `the trapper's song' ( the villains leit motif ) , and `hang the bastard' ( the rousing finale ) . thankfully , none of these songs are quite as embarrassing to find yourself singing in public as south park : bigger , longer & uncut's songs are . released as a pick-up through troma studios , the film is available on videocassette and dvd . the videocassette includes an intro by the beautiful jane jensen and an interview segment with lloyd kaufman , discussing his admiration for parker and stone and the fact that they had been hired for a zucker brothers film ( which turned out to be the hilarious baseketball ) . there are also multiple trailers for upcoming troma films . as for the dvd . . . well , that's a different story . probably one of the best dvd packages of the year ( and potentially of all time ) , cannibal ! the musical ! the dvd is a massive achievement . presented in 1 . 33 : 1 ( full frame ) only , the disc has the usual troma inclusions : the tour of troma , the troma intelligence test 2 , trailers for upcoming releases , but where the disc truly shines is in its cannibal ! specific extras . the first thing i must note is , the transfer is about as beautiful as any i've ever seen on any disc . the picture is crisp , clear , and free from any noticeable artifacts . add to that one of the funniest commentary tracks i have ever heard , featuring trey parker , matt stone , jason mchugh , dian bachar , and andy kemler getting drunker and drunker as the track continues and you still haven't scratched the surface of the extras . there's also behind the scenes footage of the shooting of the film , a clip with trey , matt , and lemmy ( of the band motorhead ) from the film terror firmer , an index for easy location of all of the songs in the film , and finally , an index of all the songs as performed by the cast of a stage production of cannibal ! . it's good to see this film finally get the treatment it deserves . kudos to the entire production staff at troma and aix for making one of the most entertaining dvds i have seen in a very long time . reviewed by brian matherly - bmath2000@hotmail . com the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
 cast : peter sellers ( hrundi v . bakshi ) , j . edward mckinley ( fred clutterbuck ) , herbert ellis ( director ) , claudine longet ( michele monet ) director : blake edwards certification : pg year of production : 1968 the party is one of those classic slapstick comedies that will leave you , at times , cracking up . the film takes place , for the most part , in real-time during an exclusive evening party that is attended only by the biggest names in hollywood . hrundi v . bakshi , played very well by peter sellers , is a struggling actor who just came to america from his homeland , india . hrundi tries out his acting talents , but it seems that he just isn't cut out for the job . on the set of his current film that he stars in , hrundi seems to make everything go for the worse . during the filming of this movie set in the 1800's , hrundi manages to annoy the director ( herbert ellis ) in any way he can . this includes a pitiful acting job in many scenes , wearing an underwater watch in one scene , and accidentally detonating a massive set . many of the hollywood producers and big names want hrundi out of the business forever . and when the director makes a personal phone call to mr . clutterbuck ( j . edward mckinley ) pleading for hrundi's ejection from hollywood , everything is pretty much over for hrundi . clutterbuck writes his name down on a piece of paper to insure that hrundi will never again work in hollywood . but when this piece of paper turns out to be the guest list for clutterbuck's exclusive party , hrundi is invited , and certain chaos is bound to occur . of course , as predicted , hrundi causes lots of trouble . each scene in which hrundi encounters a situation , usually one that he can't handle , is almost always very humorous . and each scene with hrundi and the drunken waiter , who is alone hilarious , adds to the comedy in a great way . the party can be compared to many other films of it's type , specifically the trio of naked gun movies and the airplane movies , but the party is a delightful movie that incorporates very well played out comedy into believable situations . it also includes a number of memorable scenes ( can anyone say " birdy num-num " ? ) . if you're in the mood for fun and enjoyable slapstick comedy , check out the party . it's not going to be one of your all-time favorites , but if you enjoy this type of humor , you'll enjoy the party .  
cast : don mckellar , sandra oh , david cronenberg , geneviève bujold , tracy wright , sarah polley , callum keith rennie written and directed by : don mckellar running time : 96 minutes well i'll be damned . . . the canadians can make a good movie . the world is coming to an end . we don't know why or how , but apparently there is no way to stop it . the world has had this information for months , as most of the rioting and other assorted chaos has passed and governments have shut down operations . yet for a handful of toronto citizens , life goes on . they aren't going crazy or attacking people in the streets . instead they are simply preparing themselves for the end . . . some engaging in activities they've always wanted to do , some gathering with family and friends , and others just seeking to be alone . these people's lives however all intersect during their final six hours . writer-director-star don mckellar has crafted a highly unique and emotional film . all of the main characters are compelling as they try and do whatever it is they need to do on their last night on earth . craig ( callum keith rennie ) tries to fulfill all his sexual fantasies , a gas company employee ( david cronenberg ) calls every customer letting them know the gas will be flowing until the very end and thanks them for their business , and patrick ( mckellar ) just wants to be by himself but isn't having much success . even minor characters keep popping up where you least expect them to , tying everyone even closer . things seemed a little hokey towards the beginning of the film , but ultimately everything comes together nicely ( although it's not a happy film . . . some moments are understandably gut-wrenching ) . the story is enhanced by some unexpected humor and very realistic performances , particularly from sandra oh , whose character is just trying to get home to her husband before the end . i have absolutely no problem that the reason for the end of the world is never given , nor does it bother me that the world is ending at exactly 12 midnight ( in toronto anyway ) . but i do wonder why the sun never sets . come midnight , the sun is still shining brightly . maybe the sun is crashing into the earth . . . who knows . also , it's comforting to know that in mankind's final moments on the planet , people will still gang up on the street for the sheer purpose of pushing over a car or a bus ( that's not a shot at this film mind you . . . i know people are just stupid and truly would be out in the street tipping over cars ) . last night is available on dvd from universal home video . it contains the film in fullscreen format and includes the original theatrical trailer . [r] reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com aol instant messenger : filmjax the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
this remake of " la cage aux folles " features a gay couple pretending to be straight in order to pull the wool over the eyes of their son's future in-laws . the couple ( robin williams and nathan lane ) are about as archetypal , or as the less kind might put it – stereotypical , gays possible . williams owns a nightclub featuring drag queens where his partner performs as the featured star . they live above the club in what could not possibly be mistaken as a heterosexual abode . williams is excellent as should be no surprise . gene hackman as right-wing potential father-in-law is refreshing in one of his few comedic roles . the real star is lane . his attempted transformation from one of the most obviously gay men in the world to the straight-shooting uncle is hilarious . perhaps it is a personal failing on my part , but the crying and screaming drag queen faux high drama just grates on my nerves and the first few minutes of this film are filled with it . luckily ( for me at least ) , it doesn't last long and the rest of the story focuses on the relationship between the men , their son and the deception . the question of stereotypes is a touchy one . these guys personify the homophobic gay image . you can almost hear the swishing . if you think that they are supposed to be representative of every gay man in the world , you'll be outraged . but if you can accept the view is that this is a movie about gay individuals , you'll love it . your choice . [this appeared in the 4/25/96 " bloomington voice " , bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be contacted at redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
capsule : the director of cure brings a weird and very complex concept to the screen . one viewing will not be enough to understand fully the premise of pulse . the idea is something about ghosts and the internet . the film has an amazing apocalyptic style . rating : 7 ( 0 to 10 ) , + 2 ( -4 to + 4 ) perhaps the most disturbing ( and disturbed ? ) filmmaker in the world is kiyoshi kurosawa . his films all seem to have one style , bleak . the worlds he creates are terrifying and cold . little known in the us to date , his films deliver the kind of horror that so many of our filmmakers promise and are unable to deliver . most of his ideas are fresh and at the same time morbid . his 1998 film cure , with one of his niftiest ideas , is just now getting a sadly limited release in the us and hopefully enough people will see it that his name will soon be one to conjure with . cure is probably his classic . last year he released seance , a remake of seance on a wet afternoon . that was perhaps a miscalculation inserting supernatural elements into a non-supernatural story . pulse is kurosawa back on form . taguchi , a young computer expert , is late with his delivery of some important software . two co-workers go to his apartment and find it a dismal dark affair in spite of his computer equipment . taguchi , acting very strangely , lets his friends look for the missing software . meanwhile he slips behind a plastic curtain . when he fails to respond to calls his friends follow him behind the curtain and discover he has hanged himself . if that was not horror enough the body seems to disappear leaving just a strange dark mildew-like spot on the wall . taguchi's computer seems to have been infected with some kind of computer virus . people whose computer gets the virus seem superficially to die via suicide . but they are not entirely dead . their spirits seem to remain present somehow in the real world and on the internet . people who get the computer virus are asked if they want to see a ghost . if they say yes , they seem to be able to see real time images of the spirits still nearby somehow . the computer shows them impossible images of ghosts in their own rooms as seen from cameras that do not exist . this is all somehow connected to heaven and hell somehow filling up and overflowing " like a computer disk . " instead the dead seem to be staying on earth and inhabiting computer viruses . there is some sort of passage between worlds having something to do with doors marked with red tape and strange electronic disturbances on computers . leave it to kurosawa to find a new kind of death . this is a film that has more weird ideas piled together than lifeforce and somehow kurosawa makes the film all work . it may not totally convey his message of isolation and its parallels to death , but whatever it does convey is nightmarish . kurosawa , who directs his own screenplay , ties his story into the real world with some familiar and accurate computer discussion . frequently the plot is advanced with character hunches being assumed to be fact . his plotting is frequently hard to follow and always very strange . junichiro hayashi , the cinematographer who recently has been doing all of kurosawa's films , creates a dark , cold , and gloomy tone . images are obscured by semi-lighting or are behind plastic curtain . scenes are not milked for their horror the way american exploitation films might . people are shot with guns but there is little if any blood in evidence . seeing black silhouettes on computer screens is not immediately scary . kurosawa is not going for and easy visual shock , but a deeper metaphysical dread . of any horror filmmaker in the world , kiyoshi kurosawa is the one to watch . i rate this metaphysical look at isolation a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a + 2 on the -4 to + 4 scale . 
made ( 2001 ) . starring jon favreau , vince vaughn , sean combs , peter falk , famke janssen , faizon leve and vincent pastore . written and directed by jon favreau . rated r . 94 minutes . made is a comedy-drama friendship movie cloaked in the garb of the mobster genre . making his directorial debut , actor jon favreau brings along his swingers co-star , vince vaughn , for this tale of two mugs on a career trajectory to nowheresville . favreau , who also wrote the script , is bobby , vaughn is ricky . by day they are construction workers . they also are wanna-be contenders , but neither has had much success . their last bout pitted them against each other and was a draw , leaving bobby's record at 5-5-1 . these two l . a . not-so-wise guys also work for max ( peter falk ) , a mid-level mobster , who is patient and understanding with bobby , but who hates ricky's guts . max has an easy job for bobby ; fly to new york and make a simple delivery to a gangster named ruiz ( a smooth and silky sean combs ) . bobby , because of his lifelong friendship with ricky , pleads with max to give his pal another chance and let him tag along to the big apple . against his better judgment , max agrees . of course ricky , a motormouth who inserts both feet everytime he speaks , nearly screws up everything . while bobby tries to stay calm and professional , ricky begins swaggering and throwing money around as if he was john gotti or tony soprano . the constrast in styles and the chemistry between favreau and vaughn is what makes made so enjoyable to watch . favreau with his hound-dog face and slow-burn personality could be a modern-day oliver hardy , only much wiser . vaughn is like someone vaccinated with a phonograph needle , he just keeps yakking and yakking , unaware of the havoc he creates . yet despite bobby's constant aggravation and agitation with his partner , a bond of affection and loyalty binds them . the contrast between the two friends is interesting to watch . bobby is button-downed , tightly-wound , always waiting for the next shoe -courtesy of ricky - to drop . ricky is mostly oblivious to the problems he creates and is genuinely surprised when he comes under attack for his faux paus . in new york , the two lackeys are like fish out of water , stumbling from one situation to another , trying to keep alive . combs is elegant , cool and low-key menacing as the gangsta they are sent to meet . falk is amusing in his small role , while famke janssen nearly breaks your heart as bobby's lowlife girlfriend . more than anything , made is a movie with heart . it is loud , obnoxious and very talkative . but the cameraderie between bobby and ricky holds the key to its interest . favreau does a commendable job in his directorial debut . he is a player to be watched as he can only improve with experience . bob bloom is the film critic at the journal and courier in lafayette , in . he can be reached by e-mail at bloom@journal-courier . com or at bobbloom@iquest . net .  other reviews by bloom can be found at www . jconline . com by clicking on golafayette . bloom's reviews also can be found on the web at the internet movie database : http : //www . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? bob + bloom 
if there's one thing sandra bullock desperately needs , it's a decent script to get her career restarted . after a series of flops ( " speed 2 " , " forces of nature " ) , she needs a good script with a good costar . well , " gun shy " is a rather entertaining script , and she has the always great liam neeson as her costar , but there are two serious problems : first , the film was released at what could be the worst possible time , the same weekend as " scream 3 . second , sandra bullock appears in perhaps six scenes throughout the film . everyone finished gasping in disbelief ? that's right folks , despite what the previews may have led you to believe , " gun shy " is hardly a romantic comedy because there is seldom a female presence . the thing is , the film might be better as a result . charlie mayough ( liam neeson ) is an undercover dea officer who is on his last assignment before retirement . the problem is , he can't bring himself complete the assignment unless he constantly attends group therapy to keep his nerves under control . charlie's final assignment involves catching illegal funds on a group of mafia types , led by the uptight fulvio ( oliver platt ) . as a result of charlie's nerves , he's having another problem , which involves his , uh , bowles . well , he visits a proctologist named jane ( sandra bullock ) , who promises she can fix all his anxiety problems in two weeks by dating him . it's not very often that a romantic subplot feels quite so tacked on as it does here . bullock's character serves absolutely no purpose , other than to give charlie occasional words of encouragment and to solve his prostatic difficulties . in fact , if her character had been eliminated entirely and more of the film had focused on oliver platt and his cohorts , this probably would have been a much better film . speaking of oliver platt , he is a riot as a hit man who hates being made up entirely of cliches . the truth is , oliver platt makes this movie . liam neeson may be a great actor , but he isn't given much to work with here . platt , on the other hand , is given some truly great scenes . for example , near the start of the film , platt is seated across from a neighbor , telling him that in the middle east they chop the hands off thieves . he then prepares to do this to the neighbor for reasons we're not quite sure of , but it's hysterical when we find out . charlie's sessions with his therapy group are fairly amusing , particularly when he runs into one of them while on assignment . unfortunately , any other time when oliver platt is not on screen , things tend to drag some . we're also introduced to someone that may possibly be the most irritating character i've seen in years . jason ( i believe played by andrew lauer ) is a big time wallstreet dealer , who shows up to invest the gangsters' money . he is about five foot ten , has an obnoxious , high pitched voice , and laughs insanely at everything . after seeing him on screen for about ten minutes , i really wanted to kill this character with my bare hands . i was tempted to knock a half star off my rating simply because he was present . the other supporting characters , while certainly eccentric , are more amusing than annoying . watch for an appearance by mitch pileggi , of x-files fame , as charlie's boss . the funny thing is , it's almost the exact same character he plays in " the x-files " . one last thing i must note is that i had a very hard time imagining a beautiful proctologist going out with one of her patients right after attending to him . i had an even harder time believing that charlie could have made it through the first date without constantly thinking about everything she had seen . " gun shy " is obviously not an incredible comedy . it is , however , an amusing , harmless little comedy that has has a lot of chuckles and a few true belly laughs . the film may only run 100 minutes , but things do tend to drag a bit by the end , which is drawn out well past what is needed . i'd recommend the film to fans of liam neeson and oliver platt , but not to fans of sandra bullock , since there isn't much of her in it . i give it three and a half out of five stars . 
if you're the type of person who goes on the submarine ride every time you visit disneyland , you're going to love the hunt for red october . you'll also love the film if you enjoy cat and mouse military tactics , or if you're a sean connery or alec baldwin fan , or if you admired director john mctiernan's earlier films , die hard and predator . in fact , the only people likely to be disappointed with the hunt for red october are those who have read the book , since films almost never live up to the novels which inspired them . the hunt for red october is an epic thriller , adapted from tom clancy's best selling novel . set in an era before glasnost , the movie revolves around a top-secret soviet submarine , called the red october . the nuclear sub has a revolutionary propulsion system , which makes the vessel silent and allows it to escape sonar detection . the red october embarks on its maiden voyage under the command of captain marko ramius , played by sean connery . ramius has strict orders just to test the submarine , but he has other ideas . he takes the sub and its crew and disappears into the atlantic ocean . is he planning to start world war iii ? cia analyst jack ryan doesn't think so ; he's convinced that ramius plans to defect to the u . s . ryan , played by alec baldwin , is given three days to prove his theory and find the missing sub . the characters in the hunt for red october are paper thin , but the performances , thankfully , are rock solid . baldwin and connery anchor the film with their customary vigor . sam neil gives a sturdy performance as connery's somber first officer . it's ironic to see neil and connery playing russians , since they are both best known for their roles as british agents , connery as james bond and neil as reilly , " ace of spies . " the large cast also includes scott glenn , james earl jones , tim curry , and joss ackland , plus richard jordan as the smooth u . s . national security adviser . the special effects are remarkable , but more than anything , the hunt for red october is distinguished by its water-tight plot . screenwriters larry ferguson and donald stewart have gracefully navigated red october through a story line full of twists and turns . they keep us involved in the action by unveiling plot strands at just the right moment . the movie doesn't get as sweaty or breathless as die hard , because it would rather tell a good story than hit you over the head with non-stop action . the finale is rousing and suspenseful , but essentially , the hunt for red october is a superior potboiler . 
capsule : smart and compulsively watchable , if fanciful , thriller that employs the story of the jackal to good psychological effect . aidan quinn is worth admission . before the terrible bruce willis thriller the jackal hit theaters , a modestly-budgeted and far superior treatment of the same basic material came and went , with nary a whisper of promotion or even acclaim . too bad . the assignment is a far better movie -- not a classic , but it entertains and engrosses aptly -- which were two things the other movie couldn't do . the facts behind the story are now history : the jackal was the moniker used by a man named carlos , who apparently masterminded or at least spearheaded many of the most ( in ) famous terrorist actions in recent history . he , among others , ransomed the members of opec at gunpoint -- an incident which is recapped in the early minutes of this film . one of the cia men , henry fields ( donald sutherland ) , tries to get close enough to carlos to liquidate him with a " lead handshake " ( a gun in the sleeve ) , but his advisors collar him before he can pull it off . carlos vanishes with his captives . flash-forward . an american soldier , annibal ramirez ( aidan quinn ) , is yanked into custody by a mossad agent , amos ( ben kingsley ) . ramirez is a ringer for carlos ; there is some mountingly funny byplay when we realize that it's not carlos playing dumb , or even carlos playing the hotheaded american bit . this guy really is an american soldier , and he really is gonna sue amos into next wednesday when he gets home . fields introduces himself to annibal and ingratiates himself with him . they want carlos , and annibal is a great way for them to trap him . annibal wants nothing to do with any spy games , but after some unpleasant manipulation , they take him under their wing and begin remaking him into a ) a spy and b ) a psychological twin for carlos . they do a frighteningly good job . this is one of the best parts of the movie , where we see annibal's straight-arrow military persona being strip-mined and replaced with a grasping , selfish and amoral one -- all the better for him to pass for carlos . the movie has a smartness to it that i don't see much of in american thrillers -- more of a feel for the way spy games really are conducted , complete with double-crosses and screw-ups the way they probably do go down . maybe that has something to do with this being a canadian/french co-production , rather than a wholly american one , and it's reflected in the way the story plays out . we don't get an ending where everything is settled with the right guy getting shot , although we do get an extra , tacked-on epilogue that's a bit more gratuitous than we really needed . what is best here is the acting . here we have three actors doing a great job -- sutherland , quinn , and kingsley , all in a three-way psychic fencing match . one of them is trying to trap a monster ; one is trying to create one . and one is becoming more of one than he ever dreamed . it's neat to watch . -----== posted via deja news , the leader in internet discussion ==----- http : //www . dejanews . com/ now offering spam-free web-based newsreading 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : odeon ( liverpool city centre ) released in the uk by buena vista international on january 7 , 2000 ; certificate 18 ; 121 minutes ; country of origin usa ; aspect ratio 2 . 35 : 1 directed by martin scorsese ; produced by barbara de fina , scott rudin . written by paul schrader ; based on the novel by joe connelly . photographed by robert richardson ; edited by thelma schoonmaker . go long enough without sleep and you don't just feel tired , you feel like you're in another world . hot and cold take turns to surge through your body as you stagger and yawn . you mumble nonsense , speak with great clarity , then relapse into mumbling again . your eyes open and close like frustrated curtains as you drift between alertness and snoozing . the self-destructive feelings are heightened if you haven't eaten , and are surviving on cigarette smoke , or coffee , or booze . trust me . i have experience in this area . frank pierce , the new york city ambulance driver played by nicolas cage in " bringing out the dead " , lives like this for weeks on end . he sees himself as a " grief mop " , paid to bear witness to hopeless situations , and it's damaging him . he gets through the long days and nights on a diet of whisky , coffee and marlboros , begging his boss to fire him because he hasn't got the energy to quit . the film has been written by paul schrader and directed by martin scorsese , and has been unfairly compared to their 1976 masterpiece " taxi driver " . both pictures feature angst-ridden insomniac protagonists who look out at the urban jungle from uncomfortable driver's seats , and both have dizzying images of garish neon light . but " taxi driver " was about a sensitive vietnam vet whose terrible experiences were turning him into a psychopath ; " bringing out the dead " follows an essentially good man who is aware and afraid of his impending mental collapse . once , of course , frank was good at his job -- acting with skill and speed , relishing the satisfaction of saving peoples' lives . now he wanders around like a zombie , essentially performing a taxi service for corpses and crank callers . he feels tormented by the ghosts of those who he failed to save , and sometimes hears their voices : particularly haunting is an asthmatic 18-year old girl named rose , whose death signalled the beginning of frank's unlucky streak . we follow frank around for three days , and see him work with three other ambulance men : larry ( john goodman ) , a family man who dreams of starting his own private medical service ; marcus ( ving rhames ) , who calls himself a christian but has a mischievous spirit ; and tom ( tom sizemore ) , who can only be described as a nutcase . each of these men is distinctively written and played , and yet , in some odd way , all three shifts seem the same . whoever's in the ambulance with you , it's just another miserable day on the job . most of the characters that are revisited by the screenplay revolve in some way around mary ( patricia arquette ) , a recovering drug addict who frank thinks he could fall in love with . her father is in hospital after a heart attack . a crazy guy from her neighbourhood keeps putting himself in dangerous situations , and winding up in frank's vehicle . and her former drug dealer is given some attention , too . but none of this stuff really signifies much , because " bringing out the dead " is told from frank's point of view , and is about his inability to find meaning in anything . that's not as bleak as it sounds , because the closing shots leave us with the impression that frank will eventually find some peace in his life . but it is exhausting , because to get the point across schrader and scorsese have had to make a two-hour film in which nothing can be seen to develop after the initial set-up . and yet i recommend " bringing out the dead " as a marvellous atmospheric achievement . like frank , from the opening moments we're immersed in neon light and bumpy automobile movements , and in such techniques as jump cuts , dissolves , slow-motion , fast-motion and subjective camera . scorsese's instinct to employ robert richardson was a good one -- the cinematographer's juxtaposition of extreme brightness and darkness create an overpoweringly drowsy mood that brings us into frank's head . not that it's a particularly nice place to be , as cage demonstrates with his amazing performance -- whenever we glimpse him , he's hollow-eyed , desperate , hunched over , hesitant . there is much dark humour in this movie , arising from the absurdity of some of the patients' predicaments , and the twisted games we see medics engage in to pass the time . but it's the harsher images that stick in our minds , because scorsese makes us feel like we're seeing them first-hand . john lennon once sung about " a place where nothing is real . . . where everything flows " . i'm sure frank pierce would love to go there . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantganiplease visit , and encourage others to visit , the uk critic's website , located at http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
 directed by mimi leder starring george clooney , nicole kidman , armin-mueller stahl , michael lures , randall batinkoff , michael boatman mimi leder is probably best known for her stunning work as a director of the hit tv-show er . her mast famous episode , " love's labour lost " , dealt with the ordeal of doctor mark greene as he tried his best to save the life of a pregnant mother and her child . the way she moved the camera and created tension throughout every scene was amazing . there was more excitement and adrenaline rushed suspense than just about any of hollywood's big blockbuster movies . so it's only natural that leder would get to direct her very own hollywood blockbuster . and i have to say , after a shaky beginning , she does not disappoint . peacemaker deals with the theft of nuclear weapons by terrorists , which is obviously nothing new . the first half hour goes into detail , way too much detail , about how the weapons are stolen . despite a few good images , including a train collision and a very impressive explosion , none of this was very coherent . it's long and drawn out , and i would have settled with a more implausible beginning that would have moved the story along better . once george clooney and nicole kidman enter the picture , it begins to take off . george clooney is an air force colonel with connections all over the world . he has a nice sarcastic wit and the rough edges that you expect from most clooney characters . nicole kidman is head of a white house team on weapons smuggling . there is the usual flirtatious banter between the two , but that is dispensed with quickly . the story takes clooney and kidman across the globe , trying to figure out who has the weapons and where they are going with them . clooney goes through bouts of sarcasm , frustration , determination , and revenge while kidman works against her own insecurity and self-doubt . this is when leder starts to show her true stuff . she starts us off with a nifty little car chase as an appetizer . then we get clooney doing heroics in and out of a helicopter . then that leads us to the brilliant final showdown on new york city's crowded streets , and a madman with a nuke walking among them . mimi leder is a natural at creating suspense . she reminds me of wolfgang petersen in her ability to make the most routine action sequences exciting and breathtaking . nicole kidman is an intelligent female action hero . you're not gonna find her falling down so clooney can come back to save her . george clooney is a real movie star . many of you may have hated him as batman , but this guy is for real . he has a natural screen presence , and an ingratiating personality . he'll be around for a while . dreamworks is off to a satisfying start with peacemaker . 
onegin   -a review by bill chambers ( bill@filmfreakcentral . net ) starring ralph fiennes , liv tyler , toby stephens , lena headey screenplay by peter ettedgui and michael ignatieff , based on the poem " yevgeny onegin " by alexander pushkin directed by martha fiennes " when will the devil take me ? " he asks rhetorically in lulling voice over . the spoiled title character of _onegin_ ( pronounced oh-negg-in ) is waiting on death to relieve him after a lifetime of rapacious behaviour . martha fiennes' debut feature is ( quite literally ) filmed poetry ( it's based on an epic russian poem by alexander pushkin ) , a profound study of regret , of how we confuse shame with guilt . when we first meet eugene onegin ( ralph , acting for his sister ; another brother , magnus , composed the score ) , a philandering aristocrat from st . petersburg , he has just inherited his uncle's estate . with plans to sell it , onegin pays a summer visit to the manor , which is located in an underpopulated russian countryside , and not long into the trip he meets a neighbouring family of blue bloods . smitten with olga larina ( headey ) , he befriends olga's fiancé , vladimir lensky ( stephens ) , while olga's sister , tatyana ( tyler ) , romanticizing his flippant attitude ( he's a nineteenth bad boy ) , falls for onegin . in one sweaty , inky torrent of passion , tatyana writes him a love letter . he is at least intrigued by the note but rejects her affections , it is implied , because he can . soon after , tragedy strikes , and onegin makes himself scarce . when we catch up with him , six years later , he has just returned to st . petersburg , where at a grand ball he discovers that an old friend ( donovan ) has married a more womanly and wordly tatyana . this time , onegin finds her irresistable . what is most amazing about ralph fiennes' performance is his subtle physical transformation from dashing snob to miserly grouch . overwhelmed by a top hat , the onegin who pines for tatyana seems smaller in stature than the one who brushed her off , an ebeneezer scrooge trapped in christmas past . the actor has been constricted playing heroes for too long now-there's room to breathe in a role that's made up of shades of gray like " onegin " . petula clark sang of a universal phenomenon in " parking lot " : " you don't know what you've got ‘til it's gone . " onegin's about-face on tatyana speaks for those of us ( read : most of us ) who need confirmation that someone or something is wanted by others before we want it as well . what the character feels is not jealousy but remorse , embarrassment , even , at having let her go . out of identification we feel empathy for onegin , a callous bastard . tatyana's emotions echo a thousand ditties , but that makes them no less vital . she changes , too , from a girl in crush to a woman with divided loyalties . tyler acquits herself surprisingly well among her uk co-stars , filling in sketchy gaps by expressing base sentiments in a series of wanton stares . they both have faces , mr . fiennes and ms . tyler , capable of conveying archetypal russian misery . _onegin_ could have added up to little more than a distinguished episode of " masterpiece theater " , even with its current cast of thoroughbreds intact , were martha fiennes not at the helm . an mtv background ( she cut her teeth directing rock videos for xtc and others ) has positively influenced her sense of pace ( though , thankfully , not her shot lengths-no spasmodic cutting here ) ; at just over 100 minutes , _onegin_ clicks along like a brisk walk through valleys of despair . the film has an atypical period look , as well . absent are the sumptuous tableware and antique furnishings that stand in for plot and character in those drippy merchant ivory productions . the sets are almost expressionistically bare , echoing the loneliness of the protagonists . ( cinematographer remi adafarasin often allows space to engulf them ; i'm reminded the climax , which unfolds in a sea of white . ) martha fiennes has a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most lucid translation of pushkin's difficult text yet . ms . fiennes may be the most exciting female presence behind a camera since jane campion . 
" it's not good to know too much about someone , charlie , " charles warns his niece , charlie ( margaret welsh ) , with a devilish grin . charlie is infatuated with her namesake uncle , her " soul mate " as she calls him since her mother gave her his name . there's a lot to know about charles , not the least of which is that he strangled 3 widows back east . mark harmon , who looks like anything but a killer but specializes in playing them , plays charles , the merry widow murderer in the 1991 hallmark hall of fame remake of the 1943 hitchcock film , shadow of a doubt . and to avoid any questions about his guilt , we see charles in action in the opening scene with his last victim . the story takes place in the early 1950s in the small town of petaluma , california , where charles heads to avoid the police . john gay's script uses most of the original screenplay by sally benson , alma reville , and thornton wilder . karen arthur's direction is certainly no match for the great master , but on an absolute scale , the movie maintains a high level of suspense . when supercilious and deceitful charles comes to pay a visit of indeterminate length with his sister and her family in petaluma , they don't know about his nefarious activities . he showers them with elaborate gifts to buy the love they had already given him anyway . two mysterious and exceedingly clean-cut writers for a magazine show up to take pictures of the family for a spread on the " average american family , " but their interest is focused on uncle charles , especially on taking his picture and learning about his background . charlie , who first welcomed her uncle's visit , begins to feel more and more uncomfortable with him and suspicious of the disingenuous magazine reporters . the picture advances with a delicate power using small details such as the newspaper article that the uncle tries secretly to remove and that charlie discovers . the beauty of the story is the pas de deux between uncle and niece as they try to out psych each other . she wants him to leave , and he doesn't want to go , what with a local , rich widow as a prospective victim . will charles kill charlie first , or will she get him out of town . harmon is wonderfully creepy and smug , and welsh is tough but trapped . with a deft touch the director sets up each scene , several with thunderstorms , and tom neuwirth's sepia-toned cinematography makes the movie feel as if it were filmed in the 50s . my only quibble is the director's awkward staging of the final scene on the train . is hitchcock's version better ? of course . is this one worth watching as well ? actually , yes . shadow of a doubt runs 1 : 40 . it is not rated but would be pg for adult themes and would be fine for kids around nine and up . 
warning : contains what the matrix is . starring : keanu reeves , laurence fishburne , joe pantelianosome may be disappointed with the matrix . i'll tell you i was . i sat there and sat there and sat there waiting for something to happen . now wait wait , i know most of you loved it , and i'm not saying i didn't like it . what i'm saying is the first half was extremely slow . now seeing the trailer it makes you think the whole entire movie is one big special effects show . don't be fooled , this movie has a big story . and big chunks of talky moments . but i will admit the special effects and the acting were above par , deserving the rating above . ok now to the story . well this may take a while . ok first of all , our world we live in now , is not the real world , actually we live inside a computer generated world known as the matrix . a man played by keanu reeves is about to find that out , when is kidnapped and almost coaxed to go into the real world . he does so , and finds out that he can do anything , be anything he wants to be . but he has to fight a 'matrix skipping' bad guy , who wants to send him back to his own world or destroy him . laurence fishburne , his guide of sorts plays his character well as does keanu reeves . but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were . yeah there were some in the first half but not enough . the trailer for this movie was really decieving making people think that this was a special effects laden movie . now for the second half , it is explosive , and saves the movie . some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking . the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained . but with a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes , this movie is at least 40 minutes too long . one would have wished for a better 'matrix' , but i do have to say , i did like it and i was entertained . reviewed april 5 , 1999 by brandon herring . brandon herring movie review heaven ( http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
species ii ( 1998 ) rated r for strong sexuality , sci-fi violence/gore and language . ----------  starring : michael madsen , marg helgenberger , natasha henstridge , justin lazard , james cromwell , george dzundza , mykelti williamson . here is a film that is so unexpected , so scary , and so original that it caught me off guard and threw me for a loop . okay , it isn't quite original , considering it is a sequel to the box office hit species , but it certainly is smart . most films of this genre are reminiscent of those cheesy b-horror films from the 50s and 60s , and some even become them . however , as we learned with the 1995 small-budget horror/sci-fi film , sometimes expectations can be shattered . a lot of criticism has gone against this film ( from what i have read so far , anyway--yep , all two reviews ) , and it makes me wonder why these types of films are automatically dismissed as gory , laughable pieces of trash . but , the thing is , it isn't . it's well made , well acted , and quite intelligent . i can see most of the critics now complaining about the level of gore or the level of sexuality in the film . but the species series isn't about the lack of these elements . it's about how much it can get into one film . and yet , behind it all , it has this basic premise that allows it to get away with doing so . species ii begins in the present day , though it seems to be an alternate universe . many films ( especially sci-fi ones ) create similar timelines as our realistic one , but change it to fit the film's needs . species ii begins with the arrival of an american spacecraft , the excursion , landing on the surface of mars . aboard is patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , a very bright and very handsome astronaut . patrick is the son of senator ross ( james cromwell ) , who just wants patrick to succeed . well , it would seem that he has succeeded . landing on the surface of mars , he is the first human being to ever do so . of course , he isn't the first ever . about a billion years ago , an alien species supposedly landed on mars and destroyed the perfect living conditions that were able to sustain life . now , of course , the red planet is cold and rocky . no life lives on it . that is , no visible life . patrick , upon leaving the spacecraft and landing on the red soil , collects samples from the ground . he takes them aboard , and puts them in storage . unfortunately , one of the samples contains a form of life , and it gets loose when it is heated aboard the ship . just prior to heading back to earth , this life form creeps along the floor and inhabits the earthlings . they pass out for approximately seven minutes , and then shrug it off as nothing , because they can't even remember . they blame it on a technical malfunction . back on earth , patrick begins to have strong urges to mate with as many women as possible . as we know from the original , this is because the alien wants to breed and take over the planet . however , the children that are bred are half-human , as their father is . patrick is really looking for another alien to breed with , and he finds it in eve ( natasha henstridge ) . eve was cloned from dna taken from sil , the original alien . however , this time around , most of her " alien " urges have been either decreased dramatically , or lie dormant . the project is led by dr . laura baker ( marg helgenberger , reprising her role from species ) , and her motives seem respectable . since she was involved with the original alien attack , she wants to learn how to stop the alien should it come again . and it has . story-wise , species ii is much stronger than its predecessor , but it is also much stronger than , say , aliens ( hey , i love the film , but you can't tell me it was strong on story ) . what surprised me the most with this film was the incorporation of historical facts into the screenplay . in my search for extraterrestrial intelligence course in college , we learned about a piece of rock from mars which landed in one of the poles . this piece of rock contained fossils which may have been proof of life on mars ( later , it was proven that it was not a living creature that created it ) . the script uses this effectively , but also manages to provide a well-balanced plot . beginning with the first man on mars ( something i have always dreamed of seeing ) , i was hoping that the film would turn this element into a useful starting point for the movie . and it does it quite well . the characters are all smart , and they know what to do and what not to do . the only character that seems a little cliched is the general ( george dzundza ) , and yet , he remains logical in everything he does . there are the obvious flaws of course , mostly lying in the technical aspects . the special effects are only mediocre , and some are just plain bad . but for the most part , they remain believable ( i even noticed a homage to the alien series when the mothers gave birth to alien children ) . also , the most realistic ones are usually the goriest , ranging from people being torn open , or someone's head being blown off . however , some plot elements also may elicit laughs from the audience , including a menage a troi that is all but necessary . many people dislike the species series because all it is is an excuse for sex , nudity , and gory violence . however , i tend to disagree . what were the alien films about ? and , if an alien species ever did come to earth , and their sole purpose was to destroy us , wouldn't you mate as quickly as possible with as many people as possible ? my only gripe with this is during the scene where patrick goes searching for a mate in a grocery store . i didn't realize that aliens were that picky on choosing women to mate with ( i just assume it is his part-human side looking for the most beautiful one ) . the acting is quite good for this kind of film . it is a vast improvement over the first film , at least . the acting is the key element to this film : if it was bad , it would have lowered itself into camp ; if it was good , it would have asked for comparison with films like aliens . okay , so it isn't that good . george dzundza is probably the most obvious mistake on casting , as his over-the-top impersonation of a general makes him annoying and distracting . natasha henstridge is limited this time around , as she is usually enclosed in a cage . however , she does manage a very impressive performance with this aspect hindering any of her talent . oh yeah , and she's quite fun to just plain watch . marg helgenberger is immensely better this time around , and her performance is probably the best in this film . michael madsen is so-so , but he isn't annoying , and he soon becomes rather appealing ( with his nice cynic personality ) . james cromwell has a small part , but he makes it much better than what it could have been with a more incapable actor . as i say , any film with james cromwell dramatically increases in likeability . mykelti williamson gives an enjoyable performance , and he gives the film a more down-to-earth feel . and , of course , justin lazard . lazard has so far been ridiculed for his performance , but i think he is effective . sure , he is wooden , but isn't that what his character is like ? the moment when he touches the glass separating henstridge from him was extremely well done , due to the couple's acting . species ii is rated r for strong sexuality , sci-fi violence/gore and language . this is definitely an r rated film that young kids should not see . more than likely , they would probably have nightmares and never have sex for the rest of their lives . hell , i don't even know if i will . what is sure to be a critically lambasted film turns out to be the surprise film of the year . i probably won't see another film where i was expecting so little and got so much for quite a while . director peter medak has crafted a very suspenseful , and sometimes very scary movie out of a mediocre series . medak has also mastered the wonderful " jump ! " moments , and has probably the second scariest moment i have ever seen on film ( scream still has the first ) . strong acting , smart dialogue , intelligent plotting , and a sure-handed director , species ii is exactly what these films should be : entertaining . reviewed by respect ( respect@aros . net ) http : //venus . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
up until about a year ago , john travolta's career consisted of those " look who's talking " movies ( notice how they never called them look who's talented ) and the 1991 bomb shout ( which was bad enough to make most people scream ) . but somewhere along the line , travolta got the starring role in the tarantino masterpiece pulp fiction and his career soared once again . weird how someone whose career was on par with the bee gees back in 1978 would experience fame and fortune once again , while barry , robin and maurice gibb could do no better than a 1993 straight-to-the-cutout-bin album aptly named " size isn't everything " ( and of course , they learned that sales are everything ) . but now travolta's back on the hollywood scene once again , and i think we all know why . four words : contract with the devil . and this has nothing to do with newt gingrich's " contract with america . " no , satan is much more humane . anyway , yes , travolta has sold his soul to the hairy host of the netherworld . how do i know ? i own the document in question . amazing what you can buy at those collector's shops for a few hundred dollars , isn't it ? get shorty continues in the vein of pulp fiction , with travolta as crime minion chili palmer . he goes to collect some of the mafia's money from a b-grade director ( gene hackman ) and suddenly finds out he wants out of the mob game and into the movie game . sure , a ruthless criminal like him is far too honest to make it in hollywood , but i guess that's beside the point . palmer is determined to get hackman's next project made , so he sets out to convince big star martin weir ( danny devito ) to star in the movie , bringing along down-and-out horror actress karen flores ( rene russo ) , who has already had affairs with hackman and devito . it doesn't take a las vegas odds-maker to predict that she and travolta will soon be hitting the sheets as well , after the customary sexual tension and denial , which has been used in every comedy from " who's the boss ? " to speechless . it works in this case , unlike " who's the boss ? " although it's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also . complicating matters somewhat are the mobsters who have backed hackman's other films and want in on this one too , along with travolta's mob boss trying to track him down for defecting . get shorty is by no means on the same level as pulp fiction , despite the obvious similarities . this movie doesn't have near the amount of originality or depth as pulp fiction but it is definitely one of the most entertaining movies i've seen this year ( yes , even better than halloween vi ) . get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence . i'm definitely going to have to check out the novel it was based on . are you getting this , shorty ? 
the horse whisperer   -a review by bill chambers , wchamber@netcom . ca ( now with trivia ; film , dvd , ld reviews ; a section where you can recommend movies ; fabric softener ; and much more ! film freak central http : //www . geocities . com/~billchambers new address . new attitude . same crappy writing . ) after indecent proposal and up close and personal , redford was wise to direct himself in a picture at last . redford may look great on-screen , but over the past few years , he's proven himself a bigger talent behind the camera . ordinary people is one of the best films of the nineteen-eighties , and it was the first picture he helmed . while the milagro beanfield war was only occasionally successful at combining magic-realism with . . . um , realism , and i've never been much of a fan of a river runs through it ( to the chagrin of many ) , quiz show was dazzling , energetic and convincing . the horse whisperer represents both his directorial return to nature films and the first time in that sub-genre redford seems equally concerned with humans and scenery . scott-thomas plays annie maclean , an uptight but respected new york magazine editor whose daughter grace ( johanssen ) loses a leg and a good friend when an early morning ride climaxes with their horses colliding with a semi . grace's horse survived , but barely , and has gone mad . annie refuses to put the animal out of his misery , believing that if the horse heals it will mend grace's newly-broken spirit . eventually , mother and daughter travel alone to montana to be with tom booker ( redford ) , a famed " horse whisperer " who has a gift of calming horses with simple looks and touches , leaving busy husband neill behind . eventually , they move onto the booker ranch with the rest of tom's family , and annie finds herself falling in love with all things montana , including , naturally , tom , the wise and lonely trainer . the horse whisperer is delicately made . i dare say lyrical , since to many people's ear , that word is synonymous with boring . hardly . the horse whisperer has little to offer in the way of surprise , but it does have an honesty that is refreshing and consistently enjoyable to watch , especially in the final third of the story . scott-thomas and johanssen seem like mother and daughter , and you have no doubt believing that the mountain vistas would put these new yorkers under a spell , especially since d . p . robert richardson's photography casts montana as heaven on earth . ( a gimmicky but effective technique the filmmakers employ is a switch in aspect ratio from squarish to widescreen when the central location shifts from new york to montana . ) the underrated sam neill turns in perhaps his most heartfelt , emotive performance as the nice-guy husband , who is as authoritive and likeable as tom . he is indeed a refreshing change from the sexist , lout of a husband so many writers resort to as a short-cut for explaining away the cheating spouse's motivation . unfortunately , one of the horse whisperer's only flaws is the chemistry between would-be lovers scott-thomas and redford . i liked both of them , but i didn't necessarily believe that redford would fall for such a cold fish , even if the countryside air thawed her slightly . luckily ( and curiously ) , this is such a rich and textured movie that it doesn't quite matter-their adultery seems like an afterthought , the obligatory sub-plot that ties many of the characters' complex relationships together . 
starring don mckellar , callum keith rennie , sandra oh " last night " could have an " aka " tagged on the end of it that says , " it's the end of the world , and we feel fine " . " last night " is about just that . the last night of planet earth's existence . the world is going to end at precisely midnight , january 1st , 2000 . how scientists were so accurately able to predict when this catastrophic event would occur is never explained . nor is the event itself . throughout the entire movie , no explanation is given as to why this is happening . in doing this , mckellar ( who also wrote and directed the film ) seems to be trying to transcend the genre . he's attempted to make a film about people , and how each of them deals with their last night of life . the film contains no science fiction elements , which allows the viewer to concentrate on the feelings and actions of the characters . mckellar is largely successful in his attempt to rise above his material . the film is set in toronto , and follows several people in their various escapades on the last night of existence . there's mckellar , who plays a man who just wants to be alone when the moment occurs , but keeps getting interrupted by a woman ( sandra oh ) in search of her husband . her husband , played by david cronenberg , is spending the day working at the gas company , informing people that they will attempt to keep providing gas right up until the end . finally , there's mckellar's friend , played by callum keith rennie , a man who has spent his final months trying out every sexual perversion you can think of . mckellar has crafted a gang of the some of the most interesting characters i've seen in a film in months . these people all felt real to me , especially the character played by sandra oh . we can see her desperation , her utter need to be with her husband in the final hours . rennie is good , too , as the man who wants to literally try everything before he dies . he exudes such charm and likeablity , it's not surprising that we're rooting for him to get what he wants . but for me , the biggest surprise in the movie is mckellar . i knew that he was a talented director , but i had no idea he could act as well . his insistence to be alone , much to the dismay of his parents , is something that most people would find difficult to understand , but as played by mckellar , we can understand his reasons . he doesn't buy into the whole notion that just because everyone's going to die , he should immediately find some companionship . he realizes the relationship would be forced , and they would only be together for the sake of being together . mckellar gives a brilliant performance , and i hope he alternates between directing and acting . my only quibble with the film is that we never find out why the world is ending . i really wanted to know , and my need to know was hanging over the film at all times . i appreciate the fact that mckellar didn't want the material to rule the film , and that he wanted the movie to be more of a study in human behavious . however , in not telling the audience what the cause of earth's destruction is , he's left a big question that is in their minds throughout the film . another problem is we never see anybody panicking . i would imagine if the world was ending , and there was nothing to be done about it , a large segment of the population would be going out of their minds . instead , we are treated to shots of a giant crowd partying like it's new year's eve . i just didn't buy the fact that everyone had completely accepted their fate . no one had the urge to " rage against the dying of the light " . despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year . as opposed to the moronic " armageddon " , " last night " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty . and bruce willis never shows up to save the day . 
it bears repeating : just because you happen to make an amazing , perfectly-crafted , wildly funny movie ( fargo ) , doesn't mean you can do whatever the hell you want in your follow-up and pass it off as art . the big lebowski is the definitive answer to skeptics like me who wondered if fargo was the fluke , and ho-hum flicks like the hudsucker proxy and raising arizona were more the norm for the coen brothers . they undoubtedly are . in the big lebowski , the coens had the world to play with as a palette . what they delivered is a wreck . the story , what little there is of one , follows jeff " the dude " lebowski ( bridges ) , a bum/amateur bowler who gets caught up in a kidnapping-gone-wrong scheme involving a millionaire who happens to have the same name . promising premise ( even if it sounds familiar . . . ) , but the story is totally blown on one-dimensional goofball characters , blind side plots that go nowhere , and a meandering plotline that barely keeps you awake . sure , with characters like goodman's vietnam vet/wacked-out bowling buddy , moore's new age " vaginal " artist , and , most memorably , john turturro's minuscule role as jesus , the most flamboyant bowler alive , there is plenty to be amused by in the film , and sometimes it's absolutely riotous . but the laughs are hollow . . . because the story just sits there like a 7-10 split . 
director : nancy meyers writers : nancy meyers and charles shyer ( based on the 1961 script by david swift and the book " das doppelite lottchen " by erich kastner ) starring : lindsay lohan , dennis quaid , natasha richardson , elaine hendrix , lisa ann walter , simon kunz , polly holliday , maggie wheeler , ronnie stevens , joanna barnes i actually am a fan of the original 1961 or so live-action-disney flick of the same name starring hayley mills twice as a pair of twins , separated at birth by divorcing parents , never to come in contact with the other so the parents never have to meet again . and everyone should know how i feel about remakes , especially of films i happen to enjoy ( my fallacy : unless you're going to either capture the same exact spirit of the original or do something different with it or maybe even both , just wrack your brain and come up with a * gasp * new idea ) . this remake was not originally on the top of my viewing list , and was actually quite the opposite . contemporary live-action-disney films are not one of my favorties , anyway : they're usually unfunny , alienating , and a big fat bore , at least to anyone over the age of 11 and above the iq of 10 . this one , however , is shockingly not bad . in fact , it's actually good . not the original good , but what's great about it is that it doesn't necessarily retread the original or capture the same exact spirit as it does become entertaining for the same exact reasons the original was entertaining . because it's cute and innocent fun . because it has a pretty killer plot that is endlessly fun to follow along with . because the lead star is immensely appealing . because the parents are also immensely appealing . and ( i'm repeating myself ) because it's cute and innocent fun . there's nothing too risque about it , save the plot ( the idea of separating twins and denying them the truth for years is ominously selfish , but that is precisely the point of the movie ) , and it's aimed directly at either kids , adults who want to remember the original , or young adults who want to remember what it was like to be a kid . i , personally , am somewhere between the second and third . i can vividly remember when my taste in movies wasn't so weird or diverse ( the names godard and kubrick weren't even a glimmer in my right eye back then ) , when i would tune in every sunday night for a couple years to see abc's " wonderful world of disney , " where they'd show you a live-action and/or made-for-tv disney flick an hour per week . i can remember my mom taking my sister and i along with all my friends and their mothers to see all the rereleased disney films ( like " lady and the tramp " and " pinnochio " ) . and , most sadly , i remember every single christmas , without fail , there were a barage of children's animated half-hour shows , made exclusively for the christmas season , that i wouldn't dare missing . i can even remember seeing the made-for-tv " parent trap ii " on tv one night , and after i had seen that one over and over and over again , i saw the original " parent trap . " it's more of a late childhood movie , because it deals with the issue of divorce , but it deals with it in a disney-ized version . it's playful , and witty , and charming , and if i saw it for the first time right now , having never experienced that part of my childhood , i'd probably dismiss it . i'd probably do the same for the new version of the same movie if i hadn't seen the original at such a perfect age . watching it , i could remember what fun it was to watch a disney film , and how divorce for me started to get me thinking about the possibilities of my seemingly-perfect parents splitting up , and how it affected my adolescence . and also how it brushed that fear off with a smooth stroke , and pointed out that even in the most fucked-up of situations , things could always work out if you , well , manipulate things a bit , at least for the better . this new version did that for me , but it's also charming in its own way . it has a new cast , a contemporary feel , and , for the first time in awhile for a live-action-disney flick , a tone that isn't corny or condescending , but just right . the moments that would otherwise seem corny are actually affecting in a safe kind of way . and for the first time since the original film , the kids actually know better than the foolish adults . the story is basically classic by now , repeated almost as many times as kurosawa's " the seven samurai " : a pair of twins ( played here by lindsay lohan , just like they were played by hayley mills in the original ) are separated at birth by their divorcing parents . one , annie , is sent to live with the mother ( natasha richardson , resembling her mother , vanessa redgrave , more than i had ever noticed ) in london , where she lives with her parents and her devoted , foppish butler ( simon kunz ) , as she works as a swingin' fashion designer . she grows up refined and classy , but also with a keen knowledge in sports and poker-playing . the other , hallie , is sent to northern california with her father ( dennis quaid ) to live on a vineyard with their pseudo-maid ( lisa ann walter ) , and grows up rugged yet charming . they both meet at the same camp , one that annie wants to go to to become more rugged . they feud because they look all-too similar , and are thus in tight competition , which results in some nasty pranks , which winds them in seclusion together in a private , out-of-the-way cabin . there , they become friends , then learn about eachother . once they know everything , they concoct a scheme to switch places so the one can meet the other parent , whom they've only heard of . they learn about eachother's lives in detail , they make sure they look alike ( which requires hair cutting and , notoriously , ear-piercing - a scene which is like the kiddie version of the hypodermic needle scene in " pulp fiction " ) , and when the end of summer comes , they switch and hope for the best . lindsay lohan doesn't necessarily copy the acting style of hayley mills in the original . but she comes off just as appealing as she did once . she does , though , add a couple new things : she makes the california twin a little more appealing and the london twin a bit more frank and snobbish than the snotty and proper original , respectively . she also adds on an american and british accent to each one , with one faking the other accent throughout , and if you really take notice , you can see that the fake ones' accents aren't exactly perfect . she's also incredibly appealing , not merely cute , which is especially notable since this is her first feature film , and we know how notorious child actors are , especially in their first films . she makes a great protagonist , and it only helps that the supporting cast is equally appealing . dennis quaid , in fact , hasn't been this likable in about a decade - his big dumb smile and near cocky attitude is what has made him a notable actor in the past , not just that he's mr . meg ryan . ditto natasha richardson ( except that she just hasn't ever been this likable period ) . the two make a winning couple , maybe not so winning as maureen o'hara and the late brian keith in the original , but they still work for this film . instead of the bickering that ensued in the original , the film adds another dimension and another angle to their characters that was amiss in the original : during the opening credits , we see glimpses from their courtship on the qe2 , where they fall quickly and madly in love with eachother , and when back together again , the film's more smarmy scenes come off as actually sentimental , but in that great way , not the migraine-inducing way as in many such films . this all brings this new " parent trap " to a level of entertainment that hasn't really existed since , well , the original film years ago , still my money the best live-action-disney flick of all time . this is because it has a form of intelligence and wit that makes such plot points as an otherwise standard villainous love interest subplot ( a gold-digging sharon stone type , played by elaine hendrix , who's deliciously tormented by the twins later on in the film ) a treat instead of a bore . like the original , this film transcends all the crap that it very well could be ( case in point : " it takes two " starring the olsen twins ) because it treats the children as the smart ones , and the adults as the silly ones , not the other way around . and because , above everything , it knows exactly how to be charming without biting off more than it can chew . however , in comparison with the original , it could be a bit better . certain scenes work well , but not nearly as well as they worked in the original . i liked the way the parents fought over past dilemnas and then fought over falling in love again better than i liked watching two old flames getting back together over a bottle of wine - somehow , feuding is always more cinematic and pleasing than mere reminscing , a lesson extracted from the howard hawks/cary grant films of yesteryear . and as much as this film transcends mere cutedom , compared to the original , this film almost drowns in cutedom . the original , though not gritty , was far more stylized and just as suitable for adult audiences as it was for young audiences . as such , this remake may never be nearly as great or classic as the original film , but it at least knows how to treat its source material with dignity and respect , and how to create virtually the same effects without bordering on plagerism or petty annoyances . 
what with the special edition out on video ( i snapped up my copy as quickly as anyone ) i thought i'd make some comments on these films . why is star wars as charming and graceful as it is ? why has it endured as well as it has ? with the exceptions of james earl jones and alec guiness , the acting is pretty mediocre . let's just call it corny . ( why , oh why , couldn't lucas use computers to substitute better performers in the lead roles ? ) we never really feel close to the characters . why is it my candidate for the finest pure entertainment ever commited to the screen ? ( it's demeaning to raiders of the lost ark , jaws and the empire strikes back to call them pure entertainments . ) it's not a perfect film , but it's a heck of a good one . many of my friends have a respect bordering on a religious obsession with it . ( my friend adam - who thinks that rotj is the best of the trilogy and tesb is the worst - owns paperback continuations of the movies and soundtracks meant to be played along as you read . ) the film certainly has a place in my heart although i'm not sure i love it as much as they . watching it today i feel manipulated . it hold up over numerous viewings and yet . . . something is missing . to many remaking star wars is what remaking casablanca ( they're doing it ! ) and the godfather is to me : sad and pointless . it would ruin the legend of the movie . yet . . . i'll say it against my better judgment ( and it will anger many people . ) if it's done do it with a new script . have steven spielberg direct . use new music . set it in the future . get rid of the first line ( along time ago in a galaxy far far away . . . ) . cast jack nicholson as darth vader and get rid of the clunky outfit . wait till i get to hollywood ! bwa , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha ! star wars is still terrific fun and wonderfully entertaining . it's a really good movie with a great one inside , struggling to break free . how good is the second installment , tesb ? in a word : magnificent . it's a glorious film from start to finish . in the first shot it tells you what it's going to do and then it does it . a stirring comic book mix of great acting , wonderful music , mature special effects , and dark thoughts , as directed by irvin kershner - with ravishing gusto - the psychological tension is so clear . and did i mention great fun ? it'll sweep you off your feet . so many moments , so many sights . a betrayal , a friendship , a great movie . . . so good that i think i might call it one of the greatest ever made . the special edition is truly special . i could see it once a week without growing tired of it . sadly this cannot be said of rotj , the mediocre conclusion to the trilogy . it's not bad , but it takes a suprising ( and disarming ) turn towards mediocre filmmaking . i've always felt that it goes down too easily , when you should hesitate before accepting the conclusion and outcome . not that it's bad ; it's just not very meaningful . fans of the film will argue with me : " it's not even meant to be meaningful , you take yourself way to seriously , blah blah blah , yada yada yada etc . etc . " . hmm . . . i'm not entirely sure i agree . the entire star wars trilogy revolves around religion ( the force ) , and what can be seen as serious issues ( the battle between good and evil . ) this is a fun movie but it doesn't quite capture the sense of awe and excitement the first two do . it's meant to be seen on a big screen . ( much like gone with the wind , an entertaining but wildy over-rated and equally mediocre film . ) both films are esentially entertainments that could have been alot better then they are . as seen on a big screen rotj is great fun . ( if i had reviewed it after seeing it on the big screen i would have gave it  and b + . ) but i'm talking little screen here - the video experience . and that ain't all that great . i still like the film - but i don't love it . i'm starting to worry that mr . lucas will not live up to our expectations when he releases his new films . perhaps there is no way he can . ( of course such a rule can be defied . i've never like jurassic park but i thought the sequel was well crafted and a heck of alot of fun . ) but whether or not he does tesb is a movie to treasure and the other two aren't all that bad either . 
release date : january 22 , 1999 starring : emily watson , rachel griffiths , david morrissey , james frain , charles dance , celia imrie directed by : anand tucker distributed by : october films mpaa rating : r ( language , sexuality ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1999/hilary . htm not since 1996's shine , which starred geoffrey rush as pianist david helfgott , has a movie so defiantly laid bare the lives of world-class musicians . in fact , if one were to watch these films together , it would almost certainly stand as a convincing argument that a life of music naturally leads to all varieties of social ills . yet hilary and jackie , the sophomore effort from director anand tucker , has something more to say -- it softly but strongly explores the complex relationships of sibling rivalry and love in a very compelling tale . emily watson and rachel griffiths are the leads in this tale , playing the sisters du pré . both musicians from childhood , hilary ( griffiths ) is renowned flutist while jacqueline ( watson ) is easily as skilled on the cello . the two comepete for and win many honors as children and as young women , both together and seperate . their careers as musicians surpass and then bow to one another's , and although their lives take very different paths -- hilary settles down to marriage and a family while rachel skips across the globe on a world concert tour -- they are bound together by their deep family love . the performances of watson and griffiths are excellent in style and substance . they contrast each other wonderfully , and while watson's portrayal of jackie du pré is at times eccentric and perhaps unsympathetic , both characters are charged with emotion . the frank cottrell boyce script , which is based on the book by hilary and piers du pré , brings a great deal of depth to these characters as well . the script is also to be commended for its well-polished dual nature . cottrell boyce adopts a style which one might expect to see in a mystery thriller ( which was in fact the case with david koepp and robert towne's script for mission : impossible ) and skillfully molds it to the story of two rising musicians on different courses to fame . the latter parts of his script are controversial to say the least , and the rather depressing ending takes the wind out of an envigorating story . some will leave this movie feeling disenfranchised . nevertheless , hilary and jackie is a movie that reaches an upper echelon of contemporary cinema through solid fundamentals and is a decent watch all around . 
james l . brooks , one of the developers of the simpsons and director of broadcast news , returns to the big screen with this entertaining , if slightly flawed comedy . nicholson plays melvin udall , probably the most horrible person ever on the screen . he's racist , homophobic , and never has a good word to say to anyone . so , nobody talks to him , except waitress carol conelly ( t . v sitcom star hunt , who was last seen in twister , 1996 ) . naturally , udall , conelly and gay neighbor simon bishop ( kinnear ) who nicholson hates , all hit it off in the end . like good will hunting ( 1997 ) and titanic ( 1997 ) , even though the outcome is completely obvious , as good as it gets is an enjoyable , funny and warm comedy . nicholson is hilarious as melvin , churning out insults with superb relish . only nicholson could get away with the lines that melvin delivers . hunt is also good as waitress carol , and easily rises to the challenge of nicholson . there's also ( thankfully ) a bit of chemistry between them . kinnear , as the gay neighbor , seems to have a slightly underwritten role , he's more of a plot convience than a character . although his performance is good , his character just seems to exist to help melvin and carol come together . in fact , the scene stealer is simon's dog , who is funnier than nicholson . but then again , pets are always cute on screen . providing solid support is cuba gooding , jnr ( jerry maguire , 1996 ) and yeardly smith ( who is the voice of lisa simpsons in the simpsons ) although gooding isn't as good as is character in maguire , he is still fun . he overacts a little , but not so much as to be annoying . smith is also good , although she has a fairly small role . even director lawrence kasdan ( body heat , 1981 ) makes an appearance as a doctor . but this is primarily nicholsons film , and every scene he's in , he's steals it . he's character is so hateful , though , it's amazing that anyone talks to him at all , especially carol . and this is the films main problem . it's totally unbelievable that carol would ever consider liking melvin . she doesn't fall in love with him naturally , the film forces her to fall in love with him . also , melvins character seems to go too nice , too quickly . i would doubt anyone with a character like melvins would be able to turn back to a nice , loving person . it would take a helluva long time , much longer than this film would like to make out . brooks direction is good , though , if a bit average , but he usually manages to get an emotion out of the audience . he handles the comedy scenes better than the sentimental ones ( he tends to pile on to much schmaltz ) but generally he's good . there's also a nice soundtrack by veteran composer hans zimmer . but , generally , as good as it gets achieves what it sets out to do , which is to make the audience feel good by the end of the movie . the movie is a bit overlong , but nicholson is such good fun that the running time passes by pretty quickly . overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing ( if just for jack nicholsons performance . ) not quite as good as it gets ( pardon the bad joke ) , but still good fun . 
set in the wild west , this carry on centres around the arrival of the rumpo kid ( sidney james ) and his cronies in stodge city . his dodgy dealings and summary shootings aggravate judge burke ( kenneth williams ) so much that he asks sheriff albert earp ( jon pertwee ) to drive rumpo out of town . instead , the rumpo kid shoots the sheriff dead . therefore , judge burke sends for a law marshall to come in and clean up the city . due to a misunderstanding , an english sanitary engineer called marshall p . knutt ( jim dale ) is assigned , without knowing it , as the law marshall for stodge city . he arrives at the same time as annie oakley ( angela douglas ) who is seeking revenge for her father , the sheriff's murder . when marshall arrives at stodge city , he soon becomes aware of the misunderstanding and due to his rather limited intellect , he is manipulated by the rumpo kid and always ends up getting things wrong . in the end , there is a head-to-head between rumpo and marshall . with the rumpo's past experience , it would seem that marshall is out of his depth , but using his sanitary skills and learning the ways of the west from annie oakley , he at least stands some chance ! sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground . jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter . other regulars that appear in this movie include charles hawtrey and bernard bresslaw ( in his debut ) as big heap and little heap respectively . big heap is the local indian leader and the crazy casting of hawtrey for this part is very amusing , as is his performance : - he steals every scene he is in even though he does not enter the film until thirty minutes past . joan sims provides useful and amusing support as belle , the local bar owner who takes a fancy to the rumpo kid . however , the part of doc played by peter butterworth and sheriff albert earp played by jon pertwee are not really necessary , and pertwee's performance is rather poor . kenneth williams uses a new voice but struggles with the weak part of the 'judge' . even so , this carry on was sid james and kenneth williams' favourite . a very different carry on film , in that it is played more seriously by the actors and possesses more realism than any other carry on . the death count is the highest of any carry on film . sets , costumes and action sequences are all very commendable . the songs that are included in the movie ( the title song and annie's song ) are very impressive . a strange but therefore very interesting carry on film . not the best of its kind but it is certainly the most distinctive film of the series . 
directed by peter berg . cast : jon favreau , cameron diaz , christian slater , jeremy piven , leland orser , daniel stern , jeanne tripplehorn , joey zimmerman , tyler malinger , carla scott , russell b . mckenzie . 1998 - 101 minutes . rated r ( for extreme violence , gore , profanity , sex , and nudity ) . reviewed november 27 , 1998 . by dustin putman  dustin putman's film reviews  " very bad things , " is the most delightfully morbid film of the year , a movie that goes so far over the deep end with its outrageousness and violence that i couldn't help but be won over by the material . the film starts off with five friends leaving their homes in los angeles for a bachelor party in las vegas . the groom-to-be is kyle fisher ( jon favreau ) , who is about to be married to the controlling , wedding-obsessed laura ( cameron diaz ) . the other friends are real estate agent robert boyd ( christian slater ) , quiet charles ( leland orser ) , and brothers , michael ( jeremy piven ) and family man adam ( daniel stern ) . after a wild night of gambling , boozing , and drugs , a stripper ( carla scott ) who was paid for by robert comes into their hotel room , but after a freak accident , to everyone's terror , she is killed . as robert puts it : " there are two options : go to the police and go to prison , or bury her out in the desert where no one will ever find her . " after a security guard enters into the hotel room unexpectantly and sees the body , robert is forced to kill him as well . " okay , there is only one option now . you can forget about calling the police , " he says . by the time the five friends return home and as the wedding draws nearer , most of them are overcome with guilt , which sets off an even more elaborate series of event , that includes much , much more murder , double-crosses , and the inevitable wedding from hell . " very bad things , " which is actor peter berg's feature film directing debut , is the shockingly perverse and wicked comedy that , " there's something about mary , " wanted to be . it pulls out all the stops to create something fresh , original , and hilarious , even if that requires surprisingly graphic violence , gore , and a slew of truly hateful characters that all get what they deserve by the end . the screenplay , also written by berg , is , to put it mildly , very funny and courageous . during the second act of the film , some of the fun was beginning to slightly dwindle due to so much death , which was beginning to undermine the humor , but it eventually recouped itself with a climax that has to be seen to be believed . the dialogue is edgy and inventive , and this film proves that a movie doesn't necessarily require likable character to be extremely enjoyable . there's more fun , i think , in showing ignorable people getting their just desserts . cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends . diaz puts so much overblown energy to her character that i really do think she deserves a supporting actress oscar nomination come next january . by the time she is beating someone to death with a coat hanger , and reciting lines like , " stuff him in the crapper and get your ass upstairs , " i couldn't help but crack up at how " balls-to-the-wall " this film had become . jeanne tripplehorn creates another character original , as daniel stern's wife , who late in the picture , we discover , is a tough kick-boxer that should not be messed around with . it is at this level that , " very bad things , " was so entertaining and surprising . just when you thought you could predict what was going to happen , there would be a little twist involving the characters that would be absolutely wacky . the last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further over-the-top . although i enjoyed the film immensely , let me make this clear : " very bad things , " is not a movie for everyone . it is more tasteless than anything i have ever seen , it is more violent and bloody than a r-rated film usually is , and it is offensive . luckily , these are elements that i would prefer in a comedy , since it clearly shows the filmmakers were set on making a no-holds-barred , politically incorrect comedy . the fact that this film slipped through the cracks of the usually mainstream and " safe " wide-releases coming out lately , still gives me hope for the hollywood film industry . 
ultra low budget but extremely inventive horror film about a group of friends vacationing in a cabin who accidentally awaken an evil force in the woods via the necronomicon , the book of the dead . bruce campbell stars as ash , who eventually becomes the sole survivor and has to battle both the demons from the woods , and his friends who have become demons ( including his own girlfriend ) . the results shown on screen are amazing considering the film's tiny budget , constant location changes , and a filming schedule that was sporadic over two years . followed by two sequels : evil dead ii ( 1987 ) and army of darkness ( 1993 ) . the dvd release of this film from elite entertainment contains the film in it's original aspect ratio of 1 . 33 : 1 . the disc contains two versions of the film's audio : a stereo 2 . 0 track and a newly remastered dolby digital 5 . 1 . included are two separate running commentary tracks : the first features writer/director sam raimi and producer rob tapert and the second track features the film's star , bruce campbell . campbell's commentary is informative and extremely witty , as he has a story to tell for virtually every scene in the film . such informative tidbits include : the original title of the film was going to be book of the dead ( and in fact when the film premiered in 1981 that was it's title ) and when they were asked to change the title to the evil dead , everyone thought it was the worst title they had ever heard . also , there's a scene early on in the film where the group sits around and listens to a tape recorder which they've found that's explaining about the demonic forces in the woods . for that scene , it was written for the characters to be smoking marijuana , so being the wacky kids that they were at the time , they decided to actually smoke marijuana for the scene . almost all of that footage became unusable because many of the actor's had never smoked before , and as a result they became " confused " and were unable to perform the scene . i wish the entertainment factor was as high for the sam raimi/rob tapert audio track . the two people you'd think would be more enthusiastic in talking about this film instead barely have much to say at all . don't get me wrong here , when they do speak it's entertaining to hear , but there are many instances where both are silent for long periods of time . sometimes after one of those long silences rob will ask " have anything to say sam ? " to me , that's not a good sign . also , it seems like sam raimi doesn't remember much about the film and it's production . . . well , compared to rob and bruce anyway . also included on the disc is a photo gallery ( which includes pictures from the film's " gala " premiere ) and about twenty minutes of raw footage from the film . this raw footage really shows you how much a film can be improved upon using simple audio techniques . overall , the evil dead is a good low budget horror film , superior to many films in it's genre . and the collector's edition dvd release is well worth your time if you're either a fan of the film or just a fan of the filmmaking process . all special edition dvds should be this thorough and entertaining . the jacksonville film journal -- film reviews by chuck dowling url : http : //users . southeast . net/~chuckd21/ email : chuckd21@leading . net © 1999 of the jacksonville film journal . no reviews may be reprinted without permission . 
you know , i've seen network before , and it's a much better film . bulworth is , in the kindest of words , an " homage " to that picture , and at least it has an excellent role model . simply take the story about a tv newsman who goes nuts , stirs up controversy , and fatally angers the establishment and change it to a us senator who does the same thing , and you've got bulworth . warren beatty's title role performance is the only reason bulworth has anything going for it at all . much like tom cruise in jerry maguire , beatty takes a difficult character and makes it his own , and while beatty as a foul-mouthed politician is not exactly playing against type , it's still his very aggressive performance that carries the picture . everything else , from the dismal supporting cast ( halle berry has never looked so lost ) to the throw-away one-liners ( you've seen all the best over and over again on the trailers ) is cut-and-pasted from network or clearly dredged from some late night rewrite session . still , beatty's in fine form , and his outrageous wackiness takes the film halfway to where it could have been . ( and geez , he directed , produced , wrote , and starred in the film . . . maybe someone was a little too busy ? ) but overall , the missed opportunities , the overtly silly anti-pc message backed up by nothing , and the all-too-forseeable ending make bulworth little more than a fable that we already knew : that anyone involved with politics is totally insane . 
mulan ( walt disney pictures - 1998 ) voices by ming-na wen , eddie murphy , b . d . wong , harvey fierstein screenplay by rita hsiao , christopher sanders , philip lazebnik , raymond singer , eugenia bostwick-singer produced by pam coats directed by barry cook & tony bancroft running time : 88 minutes note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . ------------------------------------------------------------- east meets west in mulan , the latest installment in disney's parade of annual animated feature films . an odd fusion of ancient asian traditions and disconcerting elements which betray obvious mass-market commercial sensibilities , this confident entry is easily the most engaging and satisfying hollywood animated feature in years , but falls short of actualizing its potential . though not for lack of trying . in many respects , mulan is among disney's most mature efforts , skirting the surface of adult themes and daring to sneak glimpses into the messier side of combat . the violence of the battles in the film are admittedly sanitized -- the imagery of a pillaged village , neatly encapsulated in the form of a child's discarded doll , is in itself no more harrowing than luke discovering his fallen guardians in star wars , and mulan's later heroics in dispatching of the ruthless invaders is done so in the most tidy , bloodless method imaginable -- yet how often does a hollywood animated film , long considered as the last safe refuge for the innocent , dare touch upon the consequential horrors of war in such a provocative manner ? in an instant , idealistic mulan's innocence is lost , and her jovial squadron are reminded of what their efforts are spent defending . the film , based upon an ancient chinese fable , centers on a spirited young woman who disguises herself as a man in order to serve as her family's obligatory conscript when china finds itself under attack by huns ( cartoonishly depicted by easy demonic overtones , replete with glowing yellow eyes and dagger-edged teeth , although lent a surprisingly genuine sense of menace ) . dipping into the mythology of other cultures for the first time after cavorting in animated revisitings of familiar western / european fables and literature for decades , disney's new film is boldly set in ancient china rather than relocated elsewhere , story intact , to some neutral territory , and revels in its east asian roots ; aside from a predominantly asian-american cast providing the film's vocal work , there's liberal usage of oriental iconography throughout , and the artwork reveal hints of japanese anime influence . while the film does occasionally reach its limits and starts to tread upon old stereotypes -- invoking pseudo-asian references to items like beancurd and rice in every third sentence grows rather hoary , and i can't imagine that the regiment for ancient chinese warriors * really * included karate-chopping blocks of stone in two -- it's rather remarkable that a movie primarily positioned for american and european audiences delves so wholeheartedly into new foreign territory . the film also freely touches upon cultural idiosyncrasies from its outset ; although savvy viewers should easily pick up on the intrinsics immediately , it's startlingly assertive in providing as little shorthand as it does to unfamiliar youngsters with regards to the customs and traditions of mulan's land . at its core , the film is a tale of heroic adventure , and as such paints its story in bold strokes of honour , perseverance , nobility and courage . as such , animation is the perfect vehicle for this flavour of epic , where stark emotional simplicity is able to effectively work hand-in-hand with visual purity . scenes which would play out as unbearably hokey in live action , such as mulan's venerable father pridefully tossing aside his cane when accepting his draft notice , are lent a sense of strength and conveyed with greater emotional clarity in animation . mulan capitalizes on this during its strongest moments , particularly during our heroine's character-defining opening half-hour . it's when the film attempts to integrate the traditional mainstays of recent hollywood animation -- the friendly animal sidekick , the colourful array of supporting characters -- into the mix where it goes slightly awry . off to battle , mulan finds herself being trailed by a jive-talking diminutive dragon called mushu and an agreeable little " lucky " cricket , who ostensibly appear to assist in her subterfuge and realistically serve as audience-friendly comic relief . they're affable presences , and not precisely ineffective -- reasonable amounts of humour are elicited , and eddie murphy ( who voices mushu ) is amusingly earnest -- but amidst all the high melodrama , the effect is mildly jarring and , from a storytelling perspective , questionable in its necessity . at training camp , mulan antagonizes and eventually wins over a trio of fumbling recruits ( easily characterized simply as the short clown , the skinny clown , and the big clown ) , who provide more levity into the film with decidedly less effectiveness , and , in a familiar retread of traditional disney patterns , she grows a certain fondness for a handsome , square-jawed young captain , shang . everybody needs love , even ancient chinese warrior princesses , but not necessarily in * this * film . the romantic angle , which lets the air out of the sails of the story's neo-feminist underpinnings , lacks any genuine spark and plays out like a contractual obligation . another staple of recent disney animated films , a cache of hummable little ditties , has also obligingly been carried over to mulan but proves to be a decided weakness . composed by matthew wilder , none of the handful of tunes are particularly distinguishing , and one -- " i'll make a man out of you " ( unimaginatively accompanying a tired montage featuring our crew of characters transforming into lean fighting machines ) -- becomes so grating and hackneyed that it seems almost interminable . only " reflections " , an early ballad of lament , proves to be a song of any consequence , serving as an effective showcase for lea salonga , one of musical theatre's most wondrously pure voices . nonetheless , mulan is an especially appealing piece of work from the disney factory , with a strong narrative arc and pleasant artwork ; the computer-generated stampede of hun warriors charging down a snow mountain is wholly impressive . while the blatantly child-friendly elements at times seem incongruous with the remainder of the film , they're not dissuasive and remain fairly enjoyable . briskly paced with a smart , energetic heroine and filled with high adventure , the film is ultimately most satisfying on the intimate scale of father and daughter . 
luckily , some people got starship troopers . some people knew it was supposed to be silly . for those of you who didn't , how could you miss it ? from the very beginning , when we see an interactive internet-like promotional video for the armed forces of the future , it should be obvious this film is to be taken lightly . i guess without blatant one-liners and home alone style slapstick , some people just don't recognize such goofy humor . such a dry approach to such intentionally campy humor must have left some disillusioned . first thing to do before seeing this movie - lighten up . meet the equivalent of " beverly hills 90210 " meets " mighty morphin power rangers " . four close friends are now graduating high school and are ready to join the armed forces , which , in the future , means fighting for the whole galaxy and not just your country . johnny rico ( casper van dien ) is ready to join the infantry , mostly because his girlfriend carmen ibanez ( denise richards ) has enlisted to be a pilot . dizzy flores ( dina meyer ) has enlisted as a trooper , and it's possible she's joining merely to follow rico , whom she's always had eyes for . if you saw these three on the street , you'd automatically start searching for the fashion designers and photographers , for never has a movie's cast looked so much like the cut-out cover of " seventeen " magazine . the lone non-supermodel , carl jenkins ( played by doogie howser himself , neil patrick harris ) is the brainiac who gets into the military intelligence division , the top secret department that pretty much leaves doogie - er , carl out of the picture . ( good call - now we can put all our drooling efforts into only the most deserving of characters ) . right off the bat , rico becomes the star of the show , far surpassing all the other soldiers and becoming squadron leader in a short period of time . but a horrific accident during a standard training exercise ( which follows all to closely to his breakup with carmen ) leaves rico ready to call it quits . with his bags packed and his civilian clothes back on , johnny is ready to walk off base and catch the next flight home . well sorry , rico suave , but there's no place like home , especially after gigantic alien insects have destroyed it . that's right , the planet is being attacked by a colony of arachnid-like alien beings that a can of raid just isn't going to destroy . with a sudden change of heart ( and clothes ) , rico is back in the game , following his fellow starship troopers off to fight a mean group of daddy long legs . what starship troopers really is , is a spoof of all that it even remotely touches on - the soap opera like love affairs of high school , the love for sci-fi and thirst for gore shared by this same age group , etc . nothing is taken seriously . it's almost as much a satire on young adults as clueless , but with its sly and futuristic approach , it's not as recognizably so . it's a spoof so subtle that many won't recognize the spoofery . if you deem this as sci-fi/action , you're wrong . it's sci-fi/action/comedy , with the comedy being on the level of such cult favorites as evil dead 2 . starship troopers just may be on the road to cult status as well . gore is a factor heavily brought up in reviews of this film , but the gore , too , is meant to be cheesy . yes , it's graphic , but it's also brutally phony , and that's what makes it such great fun to watch . not since the old " mr . bill " skits on " saturday night live " has torture and mutilation been such a joy to watch . people were laughing out loud every time a body was severed in half or a head was viciously decapitated . perhaps it brings back fond memories of the severities we inflicted upon our sisters' barbie dolls as young children . with the actors resembling ken and barbie so closely , it's a good chance this is the case , whether we're fully aware of it or not . starship troopers has it's slow parts , but it's truly an alternative to your typical sci-fi/action flick or lame juvenile comedy . aside from the intentionally cheesy gore , the special effects are quite astounding . when the spaceship passes a meteor , it's quite an awesome spectacle , visually crisp and captivating . if you're looking for brainless fun , this is the epitome of your search . a beautiful cast , awesome special effects , fast-paced action , campy acting , and a whole lot of gore . this is brainless heaven . just remember not to think . 
directed by : mike nichols written by : garry shandling ( story ) , michael leeson how do you think an alien would react if forced to experience the trials of human dating rituals ? this is the main idea behind " what planet are you from ? " , the new comedy from director mike nichols ( " primary colors " , " the birdcage " ) . garry shandling ( " the larry sanders show " ) , who also developed the film's story , plays the lead role . the truth is , i went into this movie not expecting a whole lot out of shandling . i've never cared for his previous roles , and the previews looked somewhat bland . much to my surprise , " what planet are you from ? " turned out to be quite an enjoyable movie with fairly consistent laughs throughout . this is mainly because not only does shandling do an admirable job , but he is surrounded by a great supporting cast . on a planet way the hell out there , a race of men is preparing to take over the universe by sending minions to have sex with women from every other race in the galaxy . harold anderson ( garry shandling ) has been chosen to procreate with a female from earth . his planet's leader ( ben kingsley ) prepares him with the necessary training ( in a very amusing opening scene ) and gives him two days to conceive a child . however , upon his arrival , anderson finds that his training has not prepared him for the illogical behavior of humans . he immediately seeks help from a co-worker ( greg kinnear ) and is soon introduced to a suitable mate named susan ( annette bening ) . anderson is faced with two problems now : first , susan will only mate with him after they are married , and second , his arrival on the planet has aroused the suspicions of an airport employee ( john goodman ) who soon discovers who anderson really is . i think the funniest thing about shandling's performance throughout " what planet are you from ? " is that he reacts to everything thrown at him in such a logical manner . for example , in one scene susan is upset with harold for watching television rather than paying attention to her . she hurls the remote against the wall , smashing it . harold immediately decides to purchase a new remote , which further infuriates susan . she then shouts " fine , just go ! " harold promptly nods his head and leaves . annette bening is perfectly cast as susan , managing somehow to look hassled , angry , and deeply confused all at once . she also manages to save shandling at times when his lack of experience in a leading role begins to show . the supporting cast is , in fact , one of the best things about this film . greg kinnear ( " mystery men " , " as good as it gets " ) is perfect as the king of sleaze balls everywhere . ben kingsley ( " species " , " schindler's list " ) is a great choice as the straight as an arrow ruler of anderson's planet , though he is a bit underused . john goodman ( " the big lebowski " ) , who i believe is one of the best comic actors in hollywood , is hilarious in his role as the one man who thinks he knows the truth . one of the biggest problems i had with the film was that goodman was so underused that his character seemed rather pointless . linda fiorentino ( " dogma " ) makes a brief appearance as kinnear's wife , and janeane garofolo shows up in a cameo as an airline passenger . the film may not make a whole lot of sense , since we are never told just how anderson's impregnating a woman will bring about the downfall of the species , but plot isn't exactly the point here . while " what planet are you from ? " manages to keep the humor going through the majority of its length , things do get a bit too sappy and sentimental towards the end . if it had been trimmend down some from its 112 minute running time i probably would have given it four stars . one last thing i must note is that annette bening plays a real-estate agent in the film ( " american beauty " , anyone ? ) . for a very funny script , a surprisingly good turn by garry shandling , and a great supporting cast , i give " what planet are you from ? " three and a half out of five stars . comments ? feel free to e-mail them to : johnbeachem@dependentfilms . net for past reviews , movie news , and other fun stuff , visit : http : //www . dependentfilms . net * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick , try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad , see it only if you've got nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever made . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
for more reviews and movie posters , visit http : //www . joblo . com/plot : a human space astronaut accidentally falls upon a planet ruled by apes . he is taken prisoner along with some other humans , and tries his best to escape his simian captors . oh yeah , and did i mention that the apes can talk ? kewl ! critique : despite this film not looking like a " tim burton movie " or its lead human character showing any signs of being a human being himself , i did find myself generally entertained throughout most of this film and do recommend it as fun , summer fare . although the thing that sets this movie apart from all others is definitely its incredible ape make-up jobs and characterizations . i mean , i was completely convinced that every single one of these apes was for real ! i also have to " give it up " to all of the actors inside the costumes , not only for waking up at three in the morning every day to get make-up slobbered all over them for 2-4 hours , but for coming through their costumed exteriors and selling us their characters on the screen as well . i especially enjoyed bonham carter's performance , who i believed to be the most developed character in the entire film ( human or ape ) and tim roth's bad guy , who chewed up scenery and oozed evil in every scene in which he took part . plot-wise , i liked the beginning of the film , the whole build-up once wahlberg got into the village , the escape and most of the fight scenes , but once things got out into the deserted area ( and the final battle sequence ) , i kinda lost a bit of my interest . i was much more intrigued by the interactions between the characters and the whole idea of " human beings as animals " then i was about the end battle sequence , which just seemed a bit too typical for this kind of film . i also hated the " kid " character who just got on my nerves and didn't really care for the way that the battle sequence was resolved ( i won't ruin it here but c'mon guys . . . you coulda thought of something a little more plausible than that , no ? ) . but the thing that held this movie back more than anything else was its lead character , his cold demeanor and the zero chemistry that he shared with either one of his inter-species love interests . this dude didn't seem to give a rat's ass about anyone but himself and i ultimately didn't really care about what happened to him either . now i'm not sure if this was the fault of the actor or the script , but the film suffered because of it . visually , the movie was also nice to look at ( especially the apes ! ) , but i definitely expected greater coolness from tim burton . the " surprise ending " that highlighted the original planet of the apes film back in 1968 , felt a little tacked on here , and despite being interesting , didn't really make all that much sense to me ( unless you look at it from a sequel point of view ) . so overall , i loved the whole " feel " of the planet , the apes that ruled it , the manner in which they treated the humans , screamed , shouted and reverted the entire evolution chain , but didn't appreciate the film's lack of human character development ( why was kris kristofferson even in this movie ? ) and the fact that its lead male and female humans were just plain boring . but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise . ps : for anyone who has seen the original , i cannot believe that they didn't at least bring back the scene in which the lead human character ( in this case , mark wahlberg ) goes nuts at the world in which he's suddenly been thrust ( " this is a mad house ! " - type of thing ) . the guy in this film barely seems to be " put off " by the fact that he's surrounded by apes who can speak english ! ! where's joblo coming from ? the arrival ( 8/10 ) - battlefield earth ( 7/10 ) - godzilla ( 4/10 ) - instinct ( 6/10 ) - mission to mars ( 3/10 ) - pitch black ( 7/10 ) - ( 1968 ) planet of the apes ( 9/10 ) - sleepy hollow ( 8/10 ) 
in roger michell's romantic comedy notting hill , william thacker ( hugh grant ) leads a rather dreary life maintaining his flagging travel bookshop in the quaint section of london which lends it's name to the film's title . one day , american movie superstar anna scott ( julia roberts ) walks in to purchase a book on turkey . quickly enamored of each other , the two embark upon an on-again , off-again love affair replete with romance , humor , and the occasional lump in the throat . the film opens with a non-verbal cue to anna's stardom as the title credits appear over a montage of slow motion sequences featuring the actress's appearances in films and at premieres - coming out of limousines , walking the red carpets and such . without words , this sequence gives us a background to her character . following , however , is a set-up narration by william indicating what he does and where he lives . i don't know why the filmmakers chose to go with a narration which tells us nothing we couldn't have figured out by watching the first ten minutes of film , and which never resurfaces after the movie's beginning , but there it is . if there were ever a clear case for " less is more , " this would be it . the film is told nearly first person from william's point of view , as he is in every scene . by nature of this arrangement , we get a very definite sense of what he is all about , and his nice guy personality wins us over easily . in fact , much of notting hill's strength lies in the great dialog written for this character by richard curtis . a scene where william is still in shock over the fact that he's even talking to a silver screen goddess is made golden by the way bumbles through his attempt to offer her some honey-soaked apricots from his refrigerator . or take an instance where anna kisses william and asks him never to tell anyone for fear of the incident hurting her image . william assures her he wouldn't say a word , then adds , " well , i'll probably tell myself now and then , but i'd never believe it . " great stuff . the downside to spending so much time with william is that we don't get to see enough of anna to make their relationship whole and plausible . we're constantly exposed to william's thoughts , feelings , actions and desires , but don't actually get the sense of how much anna really feels for him . there are a couple of instances where she declares her obvious interest , but they nearly come out of nowhere due to the fact that we're not sure what she's been thinking all the times in between . this , combined with the sheer iniquity of screen time between the two , makes this hugh grant's film hands down . he gets the great scenes ( look for one in which he has to portray an interviewer from horse and hound magazine in order to speak with anna ) , the great lines , and gives an overall wonderful performance . julia roberts fans will probably be disappointed by the actress's top billing and subsequent lack of involvement in the film ( ala sandra bullock in a time to kill ) along with her detached performance which is only worsened by her character's unpredictable behavior . anna doesn't get a lot of our compassion . this romantic comedy leans a little more toward the comedy than the romance , much of it supplied by grant himself , but with considerable help from the supporting cast . most notable is rhys ifans as spike , william's eccentric roommate , who is in the film for no other purpose than to make us laugh . hugh bonneville , emma chambers , james dreyfus , and gina mckee bring up the guard as william's friends and family , particularly shining in a scene where william brings anna to his sister's birthday dinner , and we get to see how these common folks react to the presence of a movie star in their midst . it's a scene most of us will probably think would play out in our own living rooms were we faced with a similar situation . roger michell's use of visuals doesn't sweep us off our feet , but does give us more than your typical movie of this type . for example , there are a couple of instances in this film where large amounts of time pass . whereas some films are content to simply put in a caption saying " eight months later , " michell presents us with more interesting cues , such as william's walk though his neighborhood while the seasons change around him . another memorable shot occurs in a park where the camera is lifted from ground level to a couple of hundred feet in the air . we're generally used to scenes where our point of view is lifted from the earth to treetop level or so , but in this case , the camera just keeps going up and up until we have a bird's eye view of the ground below . music is used rather glaringly as an enhancement to many of the film's scenes , and some of this might have been better toned down , but in other areas it works to full effect . it's kind of a mixed bag , but still fares better than many of today's lighthearted movies which are so influenced by the mtv fare that the film becomes one long music video . at least this film has some pretty good music that for the most part remains relevant and appropriate . notting hill's grant and roberts will not go down in history as one of the all-time greatest film pairings , but the chemistry is decent and the comedic aspects of the movie more than make up for it . for a couple of hours , you should expect to laugh more than cry , and that's not so bad , now is it ? 
director : brad silberling || screenplay : dana stevens ( based on an original screenplay by wim wenders and peter handke ) || stars : nicolas cage ( seth ) , meg ryan ( maggie ) , andré braugher ( cassiel ) , dennis franz ( messinger ) , colm feore ( jordan ) , robin bartlett ( anne ) , joanna merlin ( teresa ) || mpaa rating : pg-13 there is a striking scene early in " city of angels , " where all the angels who live unseen in our midst , gather at the beach to watch the sun rise . the camera moves above them , showing the endless rows of ethereal men and women , all garbed in black . then the camera moves in on the face of seth , an angel played by nicolas cage , and as the sun rises , he smiles and his entire face lights up . you see , the angels can hear music in sunrises and sunsets , but they cannot feel a human touch . it is an important scene for several reasons . first of all , it is one of many instances in the film that make angels seem thoroughly plausible . the film presents these fantastic beings as normal-looking people who drift amongst the inhabitants of earth , watching what goes on with little interference . there are none of the standard , hokey angel references used in recent films like " angels in the outfield " ( 1994 ) or " michael " ( 1996 ) . the angels here are stark and believable . this early scene on the beach is also an important scene of juxtaposition , for its shows how god's angels can enjoy aspects of the earth that human cannot , and yet they are denied so many simple human pleasures , like feeling the sand on their feet or the waves lapping at their legs , or the smell of the salt in the air . there is an inherent tragedy in being an angel , although there is much beauty in it as well . they eternally walk the earth , listening to our thoughts , touching us in our pain , and leading the dying to heaven . like human existence , being an angel is often confused and unsure . " city of angels " is essentially a love story , between seth and a human , a beautiful but sad heart surgeon named maggie ( meg ryan ) . he first sees her when he is in her operating room , waiting to lead the soul of her dying patient to heaven . maggie is distraught , doing everything in her power to stop the man from dying on her table , and seth is moved by her efforts and , more importantly , her overwhelming sadness when the patient dies . angels have the limited power to soothe humans in time of misery and pain , and seth does what he can with his invisible touch , but it's not enough . he wants to be with her and share her pain , not just stand back at a distance . he learns that the only way to fulfill his desire for human love and touch is for him to " fall " and become human . he learns this from another fallen angel , played by dennis franz ( " n . y . p . d . blue " ) in a touching and humorous performance . sitting at a diner together , franz tells cage's character about how wonderful it is to be human - to be able to taste food , feel another person's skin , smell the air , and most importantly , have a loving wife and children . of course , there is pain to go along with all this , but for seth , it will be worth it . " city of angels " is something of a reinterpretation of wim wender's haunting 1988 film " wings of desire . " wenders' film was more like a poem - it was the feeling , the emotion that truly mattered over what actually happened . the americanized version moves the location from divided berlin to broken los angeles , and the emphasis shifts onto the relationship between the immortal angel and the mortal human . and , unlike most foreign films that are re-made into hollywood fare , it doesn't suffer extensive damage . this may be because director brad silberling ( " casper " ) and screenwriter dana stevens ( " blink " ) wanted to make " city of angels " its own movie - inspired by " wings of desire , " but not an attempt to copy it . and yet , " city of angels " is not a typical hollywood movie . it is beautifully filmed in lush colors by cinematographer john seale ( " the english patient " ) , whose sweeping aerial shots and golden lighting make los angeles into an almost unrecognizable new world . seale creates many striking visuals : in addition to the beach scene , there is a wonderful sequence in a circular library where all the angels appear at banisters all around , looking down at seth as he watches maggie walk by . while the film travels along a charted plot , it takes time to develop its characters and situations ; it sheds light on the boundaries between what is earthly and what is heavenly , and shows just how thin those boundaries are . both cage and ryan give soulful , soft-spoken performances . ryan , who is usually so bouncy and energetic , truly embodies a sadness that can only be alleviated by a heavenly touch . cage projects all his desire and longing to be human in simple , heartfelt gazes , and speaks with the comforting , knowing voice that only an angel could have . what is most striking about " city of angels " is that stevens has added a new ending to the screenplay , which is both unexpected and challenging . it's not a formulaic hollywood ending , because it is both sad and uplifting at the same time . it doesn't give the audience what it thinks it wants at the end of a romance . instead , it offers something much better , something that speaks to the depths of what it means to be human and alive . ____________________________________________ visit " charlie don't surf ! " an eclectic collection of film reviews by james kendrick http : //www . bigfoot . com/~jimkendrick || e-mail : jimkendrick@bigfoot . com 
set in spain , vengo is a standard mob story with a highly artistic twist . there isn't much of a plot , and what there is isn't that important . it is simply a frame within which to explore the culture of some vibrant spanish gypsies . in fact , the actual " talkie " scenes almost become too much of a distraction from the rich portrayal of the community . in vengo , there are two warring families whom you can't tell apart until they are yelling at each other . you connect with cacao ( antonio canales ) because he is followed throughout the film . he is charismatic , even in arrogance . everyone loves and obeys him , somewhat at a distance , as his daughter recently died . he is the guardian of his nephew because his brother shot a member of the caravacas family , which wants blood for blood , like any godfather movie , while cacao tries his best to make peace . cacao spends time with his family , throwing parties with hired bands , making sure his retarded nephew has a good time . in between are moments with those in charge of the caravacas family , building a slow , poignant path to revenge . every once in a while a few comedic notes are thrown in as the older women of the village clean up after the youngsters . luckily the plot development is repetitively simple so that all of the characters have room to be sympathetic . there isn't an annoying " good and evil " perspective placed on the viewer . this film is not about picking sides in an argument or making morality calls . it's simply an age-old dilemma of how one family deals with loss and another family who must grudgingly accept responsibility for it . but the music and dancing are the key roles in vengo . between the variety shown and the pride taken in skill and passing down of tradition , it's easy to become mesmerized with the culture . a nice added touch is that men take as much pride as women in being able to evoke physical grace . and though the dancing does have a sexually alluring quality , it is not the reason for participation . it can be difficult to grasp the lyrics because they are only partially subtitled . this is unfortunate for outsiders who know little about gypsy life because it's impossible to guess at the inspiration for such emoting performances . at least the emotional expression of the singers provides an easily sympathetic intensity that evokes an understanding about how attached the music is to tradition . you can assume that for every major change in their culture , there is a song to go with it that is passed down from one generation to the next . gatlif has managed to utilize an old , almost boring , plot structure to respectfully portray a culture much overlooked . he obviously loved his subject and the way in which it was filmed provides a contagious appreciation for a people often misunderstood . 
the deep end ( 2001 ) tilda swinton , goran visnjic , jonathan tucker , peter donat , josh lucas , raymond j . barry , tamara hope , jordon dorrance . cinematography by giles nuttgens . music by peter nashel . screenplay by scott mcgehee and david siegel , based on the novel " the blank wall " by elisabeth sanxay holding . directed by mcgehee and siegel . 99 minutes . rated r , 4 stars ( out of five stars ) review by ed johnson-ott , nuvo newsweekly www . nuvo . net archive reviews at http : //reviews . imdb . com/reviewsby ? edward + johnson-ott to receive reviews by e-mail at no charge , send subscription requests to ejohnsonott@prodigy . net or e-mail ejohnsonott-subscribe@onelist . com with the word " subscribe " in the subject line . " the deep end " uses a color palette of rich earth tones surrounded by a vast array of blues . alluring , attractive blues , but also icy and foreboding . after taking in their beauty , the eye seeks out the reassuring browns and greens , like a tired swimmer searching for the safety of land . the production works that way as well – it pulls you in initially as a crisp , thoroughly-modern thriller , with clipped exchanges between defiantly non-communicative characters . but the real draw of the film is the submerged humanity of two key players as " the deep end " gradually reveals the melodramatic core beneath its ironic candy coating . spoiler alert : the following reveals the basic storyline . i believe the plot points are incidental , because the real rewards come in exploring the mindset of the main characters , but still , you should proceed at your own risk . with her husband tom , a naval officer , often away at sea , margaret hall ( tilda swinton ) holds down the fort , taking care of the children , beau ( jonathan tucker ) , paige ( tamara hope ) , and dylan ( jordon dorrance ) , while her father-in-law jack ( peter donat ) hovers in the background , always watching . the story opens with margaret leaving the family home in lake tahoe to storm a male strip club in reno . it seems that beau , her eldest , is having an affair with darby reese ( josh lucas ) , a disreputable sort 12 years his senior . margaret demands that darby leave her son alone , only to have the man smirk at her and announce he'll be glad to steer clear of beau – for $5000 . back at home , she tries to talk about it all with her son , but the kid won't even confirm that he's gay , let alone discuss the issues she has with his boyfriend . he does , however , get attentive when she reveals darby's $5 , 000 offer , even as he maintains his sullen demeanor . late in the evening , darby shows up outside , tossing pebbles at beau's window like a schoolchild . the two meet by the water at the boathouse , where something important happens . i won't reveal what ; suffice to say we become aware of a significant fact that margaret does not . all of this happens in the first few minutes of the movie , by the way . within a day or so , margaret's life becomes even more complicated when a suave man named alec goran visnjic ) turns up with an explicit videotape documenting the sex life of beau and darby . he and his associate are willing to destroy the tape , once margaret coughs up $50 , 000 . 
first films are usually clumsy , experimental , and uneven . but 43-year-old erick zonca has turned the tables with his first film , the dreamlife of angels . like many french films , the dreamlife of angels is slow-paced , but the surplus of emotion makes up for the lack of plot . the film features two outstanding performances from elodie bouchez and natacha regnier , who shared the best actress award at last year's cannes film festival , while peter mullan took home best actor for my name is joe , a similar emotional experience . the first character we meet in the dreamlife of angels is isa ( elodie bouchez ) , an impoverished drifter with a past we never learn much about . she wanders into a french city , selling homemade postcards which she says are for the poor . a man whom she meets in a cafe lets her have a sewing job in his factory . in the factory , she meets marie ( natacha regnier ) , a shy woman given to fits of rage . marie agrees to let isa stay at her flat , which she is taking care of for a woman who was in a car crash with her young daughter . isa and marie become friends , and during a night on the town , they meet charly ( patrick mercado ) and fredo ( jo prestia ) , a couple of bouncers from a nearby nightclub . charly and marie are involved until she meets chris ( gregoire colin ) , a rich playboy who owns the club . it is obvious that marie is with the wrong man , and it seems to be tearing her apart , and slowly she is suffering a nervous breakdown . meanwhile , isa has begun to read the personal diary of the girl who was in the car crash , and she begins to visit the child in the hospital , day after day . the dreamlife of angels doesn't offer much in the way of a plot , and it takes quite a while to get going , but soon it's not hard to see that the film is a study of two characters , and since they are portrayed so realistically , it's hard not to feel emotionally drained after watching the film . the filmmaking is sometimes raw , and sometimes graceful , depending on the mood of the scene . erick zonca is amazingly gifted , because it takes many filmmakers a few films to create such a sense of powerful immediacy . the dreamlife of angels is a superb , riveting film , and is sure to be among the best first films of the year . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
if spike lee weren't so self-absorbed , he would probably be one of the best filmmakers around today . instead , he gets caught up in camera tricks , mood lighting , and abrupt editing in an apparent attempt to keep any audience so confused trying to figure out what he is doing that they cannot become emotionally involved in his films . he got game , the latest spike lee joint features nbaer ray allen as jesus shuttlesworth , the top high school basketball player in the country . as he is pondering his future after graduation , he is surrounded by friends and family trying to help him with his decision without really looking out for his own best interest . among those trying to help is his father , jake , played by denzel washington , who has been temporarily released from the state penitentiary under orders to get jesus to sign with the governor's alma mater . unlike most movies that star pro athletes , he got game does not fail because of allen's acting shortcomings . he , and the other pro basketball players featured in the film , are surprisingly solid . instead , the film comes up short primarily because lee does not allow the audience to get involved with the characters until the last half-hour of the film . lee's obsession with technical gadgetry in this film represents a disturbing trend in his work . where in earlier films like do the right thing and malcolm x , his unconventional camera moves and effects only seemed to come in when we least expected them to heighten the emotion , in more recent films like clockers and he got game , lee's effects serve to keep us at arms length . despite this apparent formalism through the majority of the film , he got game still contains a strong emotional power near the climax , when lee finally lets up on the effects . spike lee is definitely a talented filmmaker , but if his next project is going to continue this trend toward formalism , i hope it's a music video . 
the laserman : somehow the title of writer-director-producer peter wang's film conjures up images of superheroes , like ultraman and spiderman . you kind of expect an adventure flick about a crime fighter who can shoot laser beams from his fingertips . as it turns out , the laserman _is_ about crime and about laser beams , but there aren't any superheroes . instead , wang's film is populated by a group of refreshingly off-beat characters living in the ultimate cultural melting pot : new york city . the laserman is a comic brew which celebrates ethnicity , eccentricity , and electricity . the film tells the bizarre story of arthur weiss ( marc hayashi ) , a chinese-american laser scientist whose life becomes incredibly hectic after he accidentally kills his lab assistant in an experiment . he loses his job but finds work with a mysterious company which secretly plans to use laser technology to commit dastardly deeds . arthur's professional life is cluttered with moral dilemmas . his personal life , on the other hand , is cluttered with colorful friends and quirky relatives . in fact , arthur is by far the blandest character in the film , despite a charismatic performance by hayashi ( the san francisco-based actor whose films include chan is missing and the karate kid ii ) . it's the auxiliary characters who give the laserman its unique spark . arthur's not-so-typical jewish mother , ruth , for example , is convinced that a chinese soul is trapped in her jewish body . she has dyed her red hair black , she takes herbal medicine daily , and she is perpetually cooking up strange delicacies , such as matzo balls in soy sauce--the ultimate fusion of jewish and chinese cuisine . veteran stage actress joan copeland takes the part and runs with it , almost stealing the movie in the process . she plays ruth as a driven woman , determined to overcome her genetic heritage by immersing herself in chinese culture . arthur's girlfriend janet ( maryann urbano ) is a kooky free-spirit who would rather meditate than copulate ; her ultimate goal is orgasm through zen meditation . arthur's best friend , joey ( tony leung ) , is a small time thief who hustles everything from microwave ovens to machine guns . joey is married to arthur's jewish sister , but he is also having an affair with a chinese immigrant who works in a whore house . arthur's 11-year-old son , jimmy , played by the amazingly adorable david chan , is--horror of horrors--bad at math ! he finds it impossible to meet his father's lofty expectations . the various people in arthur's life come together to form a rich tapestry of humanity . like wang's earlier film , a great wall ( about a san francisco family visiting relatives in china ) , the laserman revolves around cultural differences . every character in the film is , in some way or another , trying to find his identity--struggling to negotiate a balance between his native culture and the american way . the movie also offers a provocative look at technology . wang appears in the movie as lieutenant lu , a detective who is fed up with machines , even though he relies on them to do his job . the film views technology with a wary eye , acknowledging its necessity while at the same time realizing its potential dangers . wang raises the time-honored question of whether scientists should be held responsible for their inventions . was einstein responsible for the a-bomb ? is arthur weiss responsible for his lasers ? the movie pits spirituality against technology , man against machine , and the result is a draw . according to the film , technology has its place , but we must employ it with great forethought and caution . ironically , by its very nature , the laserman is a triumph of technology--the technology of filmmaking . wang's direction is exquisite , especially during the tense finale in which the director frantically cross-cuts between the various subplots , perhaps in homage to d . w . griffith . cinematographer ernest dickerson , who has worked on all of spike lee's films , gives the laserman a distinctive , artistic look . mason daring's score , which includes a send-up of bach , is right on target . the laserman is an ambitious endeavor , which is to be applauded , but it's sometimes ambitious to a fault . wang serves up so many slices of life in the film that it's hard to digest them all . for instance , one character ( arthur's sister ) has negligible screen time , and consequently we just don't care about her marital problems . in weaving his web , wang has included a few too many strands . overall , however , the laserman is a charmingly eclectic concoction . on the surface , the film is a light and bouncy comedy-thriller , overflowing with whimsical humor and visual style . the heavier issues emerge only when you take a deeper look at the film . you can ponder the moral questions or you can just sit back and enjoy the absurdity of life in china town . 
 deuce bigalow male gigolo is a very pointed film that doesn't waste any time screwing around from the beginning by continuously firing shots at the handicapped , blind , tall , obese and tourette's syndrome inflicted , all to give the audience the pleasure they seek : morally reprehensible yet hilarious sexual humor . the production is also big where it counts : in the heart . this gigolo is well worth the $8 price of entry . deuce bigalow ( rob schneider ) has mastered his trait to a point where he swims with the fishes- literally . a knowledgeable yet sexually deprived fish tank cleaner , the highlight of deuce's day is getting a sales girl to bend far enough over a water-filled tank that her white shirt becomes transparent . but he soon learns that antoine laconte's fish has developed a rare gill disorder . aside from being one of deuce's clients , antoine is a male whore preparing to leave the country on business . soon the title character is fish-sitting in a mansion and , predictably enough , finds himself having destroyed the $6000 mini-aquarium that he is supposed to be looking after . the race is on for him to buy a new one before antoine returns home , and there is only one way he is going to come up with that much money that quickly : the same way antoine does . rob schneider is a member of the saturday night live ( snl ) class that produced stars like adam sandler ( who produced this movie ) , chris farley , david spade , norm macdonald ( who has a cameo ) and mike myers . of the group , schneider is most similar to sandler with his ability to play an average ( or below average for that matter ) joe who happens to be in the right ( or wrong ) place at the right ( or wrong ) time . schneider also exhibits a sandler-sized heart here when he falls in love with a " client " named kate ( arija bareikis ) . but schneider is yet to peak , and if this movie isn't a hit you may never hear his name again , let alone with such prestigious company as the above . so , just how far does this movie push the envelope sexually ? well , it makes the old snl skit " fred gervan : male prostitute " seem tame and this summer's hit film american pie seem like deep throat ( not the nixon informer ) . a police officer pulls down his pants numerous times and complains about his skinny member but no genitalia is ever shown and a pornographic film appears on television but only the sound is indicting . deuce's adventures are relatively innocuous beyond some spanking and condom use , but you shouldn't forget that this is a movie about a gigolo . deuce bigalow male gigolo will likely make a tidy profit from teens seeking its services on weekend nights . the movie needn't worry about getting rushed out of theatres as it will quickly go in video stores where a significant number of people will probably jerk it off the shelf and take it home for hours of private entertainment . running at close to two hours , the film isn't too long to cause pain nor too short to not get the job done . 
if you¹ve been paying attention to the media frenzy that is the blair witch project , and who hasn¹t , you know the story and you know it¹s pure dramatization . needless to say , though , watching what has been committed to tape , one gets the undeniable impression the events are veritable : three students take hand- helds into the woods , filming a school project about the myth of a local witch , and get lost . no biggie , as the put-upon leader of their crew , heather , states rationally , " it¹s hard to get lost in america , and it¹s harder to stay lost . " what starts out fun and games , so to speak , amongst friends ( correct " gilligan¹s island " vernacular ; heather¹s mishap with a pair of wet shoes ) quickly becomes something more serious . rations dwindle , their only map disappears , and camaraderie gradually disintegrates into bickering , nicotine jonesing and total disorientation . they set up camp , several times too often , and wake up to vague but ominous noises just in the distance . and , that¹s the ingenious thing of the film : the heard , yet unseen , proves to be a lot more terrifying . because , try as you may to put what¹s going on into perspective ( twigs snap . . probably a small animal ) , you still don¹t know for certain . and , because there is little light for assistance , you can either stay in one place very quietly and pray , or make a run for it in the pitch black and take your chances . during heather¹s emotionally-draining private confessional for the camera , she sums this experience up quite nicely : " i¹m afraid to close my eyes , and i¹m afraid to open them . " what¹s also great about the film is its budget . the point of view footage is antsy , because the actors get antsy and don¹t know exactly where to look or where they¹re going in the heat of apparent pursuit . i think blair witch will play even better on the small screen , because of its aspect ratio and the likelihood of a more quiet environment ; occasionally , i was unable to hear what the actors were hearing due to an audience loud with throat- clearing and squeaky seats , and it bugged me immensely . there is no special effects work , no computer-generated anything , and mostly no gory close-ups ( save for a set of teeth ) , which gives the film a great deal of authenticity . and , what i like most is the eerie conclusion ; that last scene , in an abandoned , dilapidated house , is nerve-wracking and more than a little disturbing . the collective opinion circulating the œnet at present is that this scene is too quick , and the film ends rather abruptly . which is true , but that¹s the point . it is heather¹s fear and despondence , come to the breaking point . after being in the woods for so long , and not knowing what would ultimately happen to them at any given moment ­ whether she , or her friends , would make it ­ she and mike arrive at one last spot , maze-like and frustrating , and in an instant it¹s all over . you leave with questions , and want to talk about what you¹ve just witnessed with as many people as you can get it in a room . movies that can put you there have done their job ; real , or fake ( forget the whole is-it-a-sham-or-not business , already ) . that final image ­ you know the one ­ is cryptic and haunting . i wanted more scenes at night , with ­ not _clearer_ sounds , butš i don¹t know , more of them . even greater a building of exhaustion and fear . the film does not quite go the psychological distance , but it¹s close . also , the arguing goes on a little much for my taste ( one fight , over the whereabouts of the map , turns especially shrill ) , though such carrying-on is understand- able , circumstances considered . " scary as hell " š no . creepy , yes . effective , brilliantly- conceived and executed , and performed with all the conviction in the world so that even if we doubt what we¹re seeing is real , suspension of disbelief is never an issue : _oh yeah_ . best line : 90% improv equals no cleverly constructed dialogue ; i like the reaction heather has to a shot of scotch ( i hate it , too ) . 
eight years after its release , disney has decided to re-release the little mermaid theatrically for 17 days ( and 17 long nights ) only . coincidentally , it was reintroduced to theaters the same day fox's animated film anastasia was released . you know disney , they can't deal with the threat of any other studio getting even a small piece of the crust of the kiddie entertainment pie , so when someone else wants to make a little money , they counter with an old " masterpiece " from their vault and , you know what , i went to see this 1989 cartoon rather than the brand new one from fox . let no one say disney is losing its monopoly on the market . they still have hotels on boardwalk _and_ park place . believe it or not , today , november 25 , 1997 , at 5 : 05 p . m . , i saw the little mermaid for the first time . it took me a few years to get over an aversion to this movie that was caused seven years ago , when i stayed with one of my mom's friends for a couple weeks . they had a young child who listened to the little mermaid soundtrack constantly and , over that two week period , i heard every song from the movie probably a hundred times . by the time i got back home , i promised myself i'd never see the movie . but promises are made to be broken , especially when you're looking at a 17-day , limited engagement . damn those shrewd disney marketers and their mind games . the little mermaid is based on a hans christian anderson fairy tale , but it's disney-ized , which means lots of talking animals and bursting into song . it also means the heroine is a total babe who shows off cleavage from a seashell bra at all times . i never wanted so much to be a pair of shells . . . the heroine , of course , is ariel ( voice of jodi benson ) , a 16-year-old mermaid who is going through that rebellious phase . she skips her concert to explore a wrecked ship and hang out with a seagull that talks like buddy hackett , who tries to orient her to the mysterious world of humans . she's also dealing with feelings she hasn't had before -- which comes when you get scales in places you didn't use to have them -- about a handsome prince ( no disney movie would be complete without one ) . her father , king triton of the merpeople , strictly forbids such lusting after the ways of the " savage " humans , in a condemnation that reads as a not-so-subtle analogy about old- fashioned parents who forbid interracial dating . what's a king to do , though ? the girl's in love and even total destruction of her little shrine to the human world doesn't deter her . ariel saves the prince's life when a hurricane rises up , and just has to meet him . she makes a deal with ursula , the sea witch ( voice of pat carroll ) . you know she's evil because she has a huge potbelly and one of the worst asses in cartoon history . she also has octopus tentacles for feet ( something those dr . scholl's corn pads will not fix ) and offers to help ariel out . she'll make her a human for three days if ariel will give up her pretty voice ; ariel has three days to make that prince kiss her , or else she becomes a slave to the witch forever . and if she pricks her finger on a sewing machine or eats an evil apple , she'll fall asleep forever . it's a simplistic plot , yes , but the little mermaid was a revolution in the disney world , coming after such lackluster efforts as the black cauldron and oliver and company . it ranks as one of the best disney cartoons , certainly since the '50s . all the elements are there -- memorable songs like " under the sea " and " kiss the girl , " cartoon animals like sebastian and flounder , an evil villain who still has characterization and charm , and a fair amount of humor that caters to adults as well as children . the little mermaid is worth a big-screen ticket in 1997 , so hurry up , you only have five days left . 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member max messier . you can find the review with full credits at http : //filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/c6be01e76e80952f8825695b0003bddf ? opendocument the american fascination with personal surveillance and voyeurism has reached a new and strange level . tv shows such as survivor , big brother - and movies such as enemy of the state and the blair witch project have raised the bar for compulsive interest in other peoples' lives . it is as if america has become a nation of stalkers and shut-ins locked away behind their television and computer screens . the new jaime foxx film bait is a prime example of how this sadistic , cultural phenomenon has been constructed into mainstream hollywood fodder for the masses . i didn't know what to expect of bait . from the media blitz in the past couple weeks , the movie looked like a weird hybrid of blue streak , enemy of the state , and hackers without angeline jolie ( dammit ! ) . the story follows foxx as an inept thief named alvin sanders who involuntarily helps federal agents track down an ultra-cool computer hacker -- doug hutchison ( that asshole guard percy wetmore from the green mile ) -- who has robbed the u . s . gold reserve with lackey robert pastorelli of 42 million dollars . the lackey takes off with the gold , buries it in secret place , and ends up being arrested on a dwi , all on the same night . busy guy . the lackey then lands in the same cell as alvin sanders ( foxx ) who has been arrested for stealing shrimp - i mean prawns - from a brooklyn fish plant . the lackey , who has terrible heart problems , confides in alvin to tell his wife of a secret code of the location of the buried gold . the lackey dies during an interrogation by a big and mean federal agent played by david morse , and both the hacker and the feds are left with no leads… except alvin . the feds then secretly plant a tracking device under alvin's jawbone and use him for… you guessed , it . . . bait to lure out the hacker . humorous dialogue , uncomfortable dramatic moments , and loud car chase scenes follow . bait is reminiscent of many of its numerous contemporaries , but it is able to maintain a sense of direction under the cool hand of director antoine fuqua . known mainly for music videos and the replacement killers , fuqua is no hype williams , but he can move the camera like malick and capture action scenes like peckinpah . foxx is always a surprise to watch as an actor , because he can come off as a chump one minute and a serious actor the next . morse is a perfect straight man to foxx's inane attempts to return to respectability . but the most interesting character is hutchinson's hacker , who comes across as faceless while holding a cold control over nature , like a predator stalking his prey . bait is a solid action movie despite a weird pace to the film . one minute foxx is joking around about being a player , the next minute he is committing to his girl and a new baby boy . the movie has been sold to public as an " action-comedy " but in reality - the film is tinged with dark moments of cold-blooded murder and orwellian themes of surveillance and control . in other words , this ain't no big momma's house . director : antoine fuqua starring : jamie foxx , david morse , david paymer , kirk acevedo , doug hutchison , robert pastorelli producers : sean ryerson writers : andrew scheinman , adam scheinman , tony gilroy 
notting hill  -a review by bill chambers ( nottinghill@filmfreakcentral . net ) starring julia roberts , hugh grant , rhys ifans , gina mckee screenplay by richard curtis directed by roger michell notting hill's trailer is awful : a laughless , schmaltzy montage . the movie was desperately marketed to the anti-phantom menace crowd , the same lovelorn females who ignored the love letter . and it apparently worked . perhaps the presence of julia roberts-whose allure beyond those perfect teeth still escapes me-had a lot to do with notting hill's opening weekend success , but the film's staying power is based on word of mouth . allow me to spread some more good buzz for notting hill . grant stars as william thacker , a travel-bookstore owner who works and resides in a tiny english district called notting hill . into his shop one day wanders famous actress anna scott ( roberts ) . a common thief , some spilled orange juice , and some stilted conversation leads to their first , highly impetuous ( or is that improbable ? ) , kiss . days later , william sneaks into her hotel suite under the guise of a magazine journalist , and so begins a passionate , albeit surreptitious , affair . ( aside : notting hill's portrayal of press junkets is deadly accurate . ) only anna's celebrity-or william's lack thereof-threatens to drive a wedge between them . richard curtis has tapped into fantasy we all have considered , and for at least its first half-hour the picture's " beauty and the beast " -like scenario is ( romantic ) escapism of the highest order . as with groundhog day or pleasantville , while watching the high-concept comedy notting hill one constantly imagines him/herself in the lead ; it's william's ordinaryness that entices the spoiled and bored anna . curtis ( who previously penned four weddings and a funeral ) is also smart enough to know that the unlikely couple's situation is not enough to fuel two hours' worth of entertainment , so some of notting hill's finest moments revolve around william's eccentric friends and family . by now , dear reader , you've probably heard a lot about rhys ifans' performance as william's imbecilic welsh flatmate . yes , he's a crowd pleaser , a walking sight gag , but his character is not nearly as involving as the wheelchair-bound ( and appropriately named ) bella ( mckee , the anguished waitress of naked ) or max ( tom mcinnerny ) , her lousy chef of a husband . in the movie's best sequence , william , anna , and company sit around bloated from max's latest concoction and hold a contest : the last brownie on the table goes to the diner with the saddest life . the scene ends only as a british writer would end it . if anything , fantastic bits like these dull the main plot's dramatic impact . roberts and grant , especially , are appealing , but their relationship is convolutedly interrupted too many times ( four weddings' suffered similar flaws ) , and william and anna ultimately only have one thing in common : they're lonely . ( worth noting in roberts' and grant's favour : the ubiquitous " i'm just a girl , standing across from a boy , asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips , and it features some of the best emoting either actor has ever done . ) notting hill is nonetheless enjoyable ; on the visual side of things , i especially appreciated michell's playful changing-of-the-seasons number . if only ( and this is a surprisinly minor gripe ) he had lopped off the egregious epilogue ; for a story that thrives on what we bring to it , the filmmakers work too hard to tidy things up , leaving our imaginations in the lurch . 
prompted by the recent runaway bride , ( a diaster all it's own ) i decided to rent pretty woman to see what got this tepid film made . it all flashed before my eyes , it was the world's first glimpse into the world of cutesy julia movies . a fun , inventive romantic comedy that starts and ends just like it should . edward lewis ( gere ) buys companies , takes them apart , and sells them bit by bit . he meets vivian ( roberts ) on hollywood way when he asks her for directions to beverly hills . asking her what her name is , she says " what do you want it to be ? " needing to take a load off , he hires her for the night . taking a liking to her , he then hires her for a whole week . but he needs to clean vivian up . buying her dresses and having her learn table manners to attend various dinners so she can appear as his date soon becomes his prime concern . he begins to fall in love with her , but it takes awhile for her to return his affections . vivian also helps him see through buying another family owned company by bringing out the more emotional side of him . pretty woman is extremely cute . cute is the only world for it . i also liked the fact that prostitutes are portrayed as people that need help ( much in the same way that african-american gangsters were showcased in slam . ) the film turns in fine performances by it's two leads , but also from hector elizondo as the hotel manager , and laura san giacomo as julia's prostituting pal . despite minor cliches and problems , the fun romantic comedy pretty woman still gets * * * stars . the young-uns : the title character is a prostitute and there is some sexual discussion as well as bad attitudes towards her . there is also some mild language . good age : 12 & up a review by frankie paiva the 12 year-old movie reviewer e-mail me at swpstke@aol . com visit my website at : http : //expage . com/page/teenagemoviecritic 
starring nigel hawthorne , jeremy northam , rebecca pidgeon , gemma jones . rated g . david mamet has long been my favorite screenwriter and director . with his distinctive , more often than not ingenious dialogue , and his laid back style of direction nearly all of his movies are absolutely irresistible . some of them tend to be thickly layered , deceptive productions that require the audience to look at the film in a less superficial manner than the plot seems to require in order to discern its concealed message , or sometimes even a concealed storyline . and although the real plot in his new project the winslow boy is slightly more conspicuous than in some of his other endeavors , it is still a brilliantly complex , consistently riveting motion picture about honor , about sacrifice , and about the difference between what is commonly known as justice and what is right . oh , and it's rated g . incidentally , this is the first time that mamet has decided to adapt someone else's work ; namely a play by terrence rattigan , set in the 19th century . he casts nigel hawthorne in the lead role as arthur winslow , a rich , aging man who finds out that his 14 year old son ronnie has been kicked out of the naval academy for allegedly stealing a 5 shilling postal note . " did you do it ? " he asks his boy . " no father , i didn't , " ronnie answers . that's enough for arthur , who , with his oldest daughter ( rebecca pidgeon ) , immediately starts a crusade to bring his son's case to court . they enlist the help of sir robert morton , a notorious attorney to help them achieve that formidably daunting task . it all seems fairly frivolous , and no matter how you look at it , the winslow case is not the trial of the century . but arthur is determined to keep his family's word clean and he is willing to go quite far to make sure of that . soon enough , sir robert morton along with the rest of the country becomes equally wrapped up in the proceedings . so do we . all david mamet does for the script is tighten and hone the dialogue , but his style is still fairly apparent . the characters still talk in his trademark staccatto lines and there is still tension present in conversations that no ordinary writer would be able to make tense . but this is not mamet's norm , and it's refreshing to see mamet deviate from his world of crooks , gangsters as con men , wonderful as those films were . nigel hawthorne's performance is nearly flawless . his delivery is that of a dignified yet not pompous man who seems to be getting beaten at his own game . we pity the man , but we also like him . rebecca pidgeon , david mamet's wife , who gave a fairly awful performance in the spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as arthur's oldest daughter , a flailing feminist who gives her all to the winslow case as a way for making up for her lack of success in the women's suffrage movement . the winslow boy is a wonderful movie that avoids cliches such as a seemingly inevitable courtroom scene and shoots higher -- it wants to make a real impact rather than a phony one . be honest : did you feel anything profound at or after the courtroom scenes in films like a time to kill ? if you wanted to but didn't , this is a movie for you . it is the epitome of subtlety : it's powerful without being too emotional , sad without even trying to be depressing . david mamet can churn out some great scripts , but in this movie he proves to those who ever doubted it once and for all that he is a hell of a director too . he is almost a national treasure . his films deserve their own genre . ©1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; sent via deja . com http : //www . deja . com/ share what you know . learn what you don't . 
the creepy byron de la beckwith ( played extremely well by james woods who got an oscar nomination ) kills civil rights leader medger evers in his own driveway , that was in 1963 . when he is put on trial he faces an all white , all male jury , of course he doesn't get convicted ( he was put on trial twice ) because the judge is the toughest and most racist judge in all of mississippi . then , for some reason , his widow myrlie evers ( goldberg ) decides that she wants to re-open the case after all this time , it's 1989 now , and most people could care less . but she soon forms a bond with bobby delaughter ( baldwin ) a lawyer who pursues the case for over five years . his job is to track down witnesses ( most of them dead ) and keep the case going even if no real evidence is found . when he first views the case as , " the case we'll work on in his spare time " is soon grows to become his obsession because " is it ever too late to do the right thing ? " he eventually gathers up enough evidence ( with the help of william h . macy , god , is he like in every movie ever made or what ? ) and conjures up a new trial . the movie stretches on for too long , do you really need to see him find the kkk members from long ago sitting in denim on a huge bale of hay ? what about the uneeded romance between him and a hospital worker ? i suppose that this is essential to painting a picture for what it was like long ago , but after a while it gets boring . it could have easily been cute to about 95 or 105 minutes , which would have made it much more of a pleasureable experience . this isn't to say the movie isn't great . i was chilled and disgusted every time woods appeared on the screen . i would have loved to see more of his performance . goldberg is also good , it's amazing that she can still act after appearing in so many stupid , screwball comedies . plus the film is rated pg-13 so younger teens can see it , yes they will be bored out of their minds , but i hope some parents force it upon their children to see this movie . it's a great movie ( and like the back of the video says ) " that every american should see . " overall , the movie is a long ( but moving ) experience , and i give it * * * stars . 
filmcritic . com presents a review from staff member bradley null you can find the review with full credits at http : //filmcritic . com/misc/emporium . nsf/2a460f93626cd4678625624c007f2b46/4273eccb750e44ab882569680006d5fc ? opendocument here's the pitch : take an emotional drama about the racial conflict concerning the integration of a black high school and a white one in the south . then wrap the entire plot around a hard-nosed high school football coach ( washington ) with an unorthodox style but an uncanny ability to get the most out of his players . as an added little twist in this case , the old white head coach ( patton ) stays on as an assistant so we can play with a fair amount of racial conflict and power struggle as these two egos collide , and ultimately generate a little more emotion as they become friends . the last bit aside , we've all seen this movie a couple of times before , so we know what to expect from the feel-good sentiment . to be sure , a lot of bigoted white folks are going to do a lot of mean things until they slowly start to understand that we are all the same on the inside . and a bunch of jaded and underachieving high school athletes will slowly learn what it is their coach is trying to teach them about becoming men and champions . throw in the fat kid from the wrong side of the tracks who finds his inspiration and a little pride along the way , and we've got the most heartwarming film ever made . the only trouble with this concoction is that in trying to concurrently satisfy these two very demanding genres -- sports story and racial drama -- director boaz yakin and producers jerry bruckheimer and chad oman felt compelled to include the same stock scenes that we've seen before in both of these genres . the townspeople rise up against the outsider coach , the players who struggled under him at first come to respect him , the white man finally realizes that he and his black counterpart aren't that different , and of course , there's the ever-popular brick-through-the-window of the new black family in the neighborhood . of course , the filmmakers ride these powerful scenes for all of the emotion they've got . but ultimately , this continuous stringing along of genre conventions weighs the film down , preventing the filmmakers from bringing any really new elements to the table . remember the titans is based on a true story . and thankfully so . if it weren't for that fact , audiences probably wouldn't buy all of yakin and bruckheimer's string pulling . as it turns out , even though bruckheimer , the action producer with the touch of gold , would seem unqualified for this picture , these two manage to mine the emotional for it's worth . as it turns out , genre cliches turn out to be the most powerful elements of the film , alongside the force of nature that is denzel washington . in particular , the emotional scenes of the team coming together on the football field prove the most effective . ( if you don't know much about football , you can identify these scenes by the fact that they usually follow an impassioned speech by one or another player or coach , and are always backed by an emotional rock or r&b hit of the 60's or 70's . ) ironically , the occasions when the filmmakers aren't following genre conventions ( in the film's rare opportunities for originality ) are the times when the film tends to flounder the worst . most notably , the subplot about a sexually ambiguous surfer-boy from california is simply awkward and dilutes from tension at the heart of the story . also , the decision to bookend the film with a funeral sequence from ten years later is stupid and pointless . it was unnecessary and overbearing in films like titanic and saving private ryan , but here it is simply a waste of the audience's time and attention . you actually find yourself wondering who is going to die and how that will tie in to the plot , only to find out in the end that it doesn't tie in at all . all in all , the movie is very consistent if not overpowering . you've seen it all before , but the competent repackaging will manage to tug at your heart strings anyway . we're all suckers like that , i guess . and jerry bruckheimer knows it better than anyone . 
directed by : david koepp written by : david koepp ( novel by richard matheson ) starring : kevin bacon , kathryn erbe , illeana douglas , kevin dunn , zachary david cope produced by : judy hofflund , gavin polone after being hypnotized , a man believes there is a ghost in his house . two low-key summer horror films have become surprise financial successes this year : the blair witch project and the sixth sense . each has made well over $100 million in north america , based on a combination of strong word of mouth and clever advertising . if a film's box office take were based primarily on its quality , stir of echoes would join blair and sense in grossing far more money than expected , for it is as scary , if not scarier than the other two . writer/director david koepp has given artisan entertainment , the folks who distributed blair witch a second creepy hit . the story gets going after tom witzky ( bacon ) , an average blue-collar dad , gets hypnotized by his wife maggie's ( erbe ) sister lisa ( douglas ) at a party . while the hypnosis goes as expected to the party-goers , it triggers something in tom's head . things begin to change around him ( blinking red lights let off a strange hum , for example ) , and he fights to stay in control of his own senses . where these experiences take tom , maggie and their son jake ( cope ) , who tom thinks might have some answers , is down a dark path that will scare and disturb you . david koepp keeps the action localized ; the majority of the action takes place at tom's house or just down the street . by keeping things at home , koepp is able to proceed without having to resort to any clumsy segues ( montages of driving down roads as we move from one city to another etc . ) . unfortunately , the dread and spookiness of stir of echoes are frequently interrupted by moments of levity . humour can take the tension away from a scene faster than any shoddy special effect or poor acting . several tense moments become completely diffused by a few misplaced jokes . also , there are a couple of plot developments that are left unresolved , though to mention them would be to give too much away . kevin bacon handles the duel task of playing an everyman and a man losing his sanity admirably . his total lack of understanding of what is happening to him is believable , as are the reactions from his wife maggie . kathryn erbe is given a role meatier and better written than that of most " wife who can no longer handle her husband " parts . while it is still a supporting role , her maggie is moving as she watches both her husband and her son enter what she calls " a private club that i'm not invited to " , where they whisper about things all day long . as jake , zachary cope equals the performance of haley joel osment in the sixth sense , but gets less screen time . both children manage the same trick , making the audience creeped out by their apparent acceptance of the way things are . fans of blair and sixth sense will almost surely love stir of echoes . it combines the dread of blair , a creepy closed-in feel thanks to cinematographer fred murphy and great performances by the whole cast , specifically bacon , to give the fall its first genuine scary film . if only they had let up on the unneeded funny bits and tweaked the plot a bit more , this could have been one of the year's best . email tim chandler at timbit@canada . com check out the bottom line at http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/heights/8000/index . html for more reviews ! 
probably the most popular and praised film of all time , turned out to be a primitive and predictable costume drama with a dose of social criticism . everyone knows about the greatest and most famous shipping disaster of all time . and the actual catastrophe is masterfully crafted by director james cameron , combining visual -and sound effects , he re-creates the frightening atmosphere of the sinking ship in the middle of nowhere . i liked very much the emotional and brutal contrast between the first and the third classes . while their cabin is slowly filling up with water , a mother is telling her children a fairytail -- " . . and they lived happily ever after . . " . and then the ship goes down and the few survivors are left alone under the stars and the chilling air . however , the actual disaster is happening almost at the end of the movie , while the first two hours are just beautiful sets and bad dialogues . in the present day , the rms titanic is explored by brock lovett ( bill paxton ) , a treasure seeker looking for the coeur de la mer diamond , lost during the sinking . somewhere inside the ship , lovett's crew discover a sketchbook of an artist long dead . here , in the shape of a nude young lady , is a window into the distant age of 1912 . lovett is extremely surprised when he get's a phone call from rose dawson , claiming that she is a model . she is immediately helicoptered onto the vessel , and she gets the first glimpse of the fated ship in 80 years . as the memories come flooding back , she once again becomes rose dewitt buketer ( kate winslet ) , the fiancée of wealthy cal hockley ( billy zane ) and daughter of ruth dewitt bukater ( frances fisher ) . on board there are rich and poor , everyone trust in the ship's designer ( jonathan hyde ) and her master , captain e . j . smith ( bernard hill ) . on board the ship , rose , unhappy and restless meets jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) - a young american artist , poor , brave and attractive . a love story slowly emerges and the two lovers must not only experience the difference between the social classes , but also face the greatest power on earth - death . cameron could as well have called his picture " the never ending love " or " love at first sight " , as he concentrates all his energy on the young couple , and not on the disaster itself . the plot is anything but original and the dialogues sometimes resemble a television soap-opera . the director doesn't even try to overcome his empty script . because of its primitive and predictable plot , titanic is totally depending on the visuals that truly are breathtaking . russel carpenter's rich , majestic and incredibly detailed cinematography is certainly award-worthy . everything from art direction to visual and sound effects are a top notch . but it doesn't help much when the costumes are more convincing than the actors who wear them . the actors are not to blame , because their characters are more like caricatures , in other words - fake . jack is a man with many talents : he is a talented artist , handsome , brave , honest , strong , funny . . . you name it . he doesn't have any dark side , he doesn't make any mistakes , that for a second would make him human . jack is perfect , but he is - poor . on the other hand we have cal . he is a bastard that treats rose as an odalisque and not as his wife-to-be . he lacks everything jack possesses , but he is -- rich . this childish contrast between the social classes is one of those things that makes titanic nothing more than a mediocre picture . cameron knows precisely what we want to see . his film therefore contains certain minimums to draw an audience - attractive actors , a " tragic love story " , beautiful visuals ( including expensive special effects ) , a dose of social criticism , a fascinating historical event ( we love true stories ) and last , but not least - an incredible media support , which proclaimed an average picture the " greatest film of all time " . on the outside titanic looks perfect , but behind that sparkling curtain of incredible visuals - is emptiness - nothing to think about . the main weakness of this film , which ironically became its success , is simplicity . cameron enables our basic and if you wish - primitive emotions : love , hate , fear and helplessness . everyone understands the power of love and the threat to our beautiful couple is likewise imaginable - a sinking ship . titanic is a typical hollywood production , totally and completely dependent on visual perfection to hide its primitive plot . it's a good picture , but absolutely not a masterpiece . it's among hundreds and thousands good films released every year , not better or worse than the average american film . 
call me crazy , but i don't see saving private ryan as the film of the summer . a good movie , yes , with chillingly realistic battle scenes and emotion to spare . an utterly riviting movie on par with steven spielberg's best work , no . personally , if i was spielberg , i wouldn't go back to the world war ii era one more time after schindler's list and the indiana jones movies . i'm guessing steve has a thing for nazis ; i really wouldn't be surprised if a velociraptor ate one of the swastika-wearing dudes in the next jurassic park movie . all lofty pretenses aside , saving private ryan is the goriest movie this side of a 1980s slasher flick . the difference is , it's easy during friday the 13th to laugh off a spear sticking out of kevin bacon's chest while blood spurts like crazy , but it's damn hard to sit and eat reese's pieces while soldiers suffer machine gun bullets to the head and have their intestines spilled out onto the battlefield . and believe me , there's plenty of it . a 30-minute sequence at the beginning of the movie has an army captain ( tom hanks ) and his soldiers landing at omaha beach to join countless other americans who are already under fire . lives are lost in seconds as the purposefully confusing and jarring scene goes on and on , and all the young men in the audience find themselves never , ever wanting to be drafted . cut to some bureaucratic defense office , where a hundred women pound out sympathy form letters to the families of the casualties . one woman happens upon an interesting detail -- three brothers in different platoons were killed in combat , and their mother is getting the telegram today . i guess it's an interesting conversation piece to everyone but the mother , so the army chief ( harve presnell ) sends hanks on what is essentially a public relations mission , to find the fourth ryan brother and send him home . that way , the army saves the postage on yet another telegram to mrs . ryan . one good thing about saving private ryan is that the soldiers who are headed to rescue ryan know it's a mission designed to make the army look good . they question the worth of risking eight soldiers' lives to save one , and hanks' character admits he doesn't give a damn about ryan ; he's just following orders . if this was a john wayne movie , things would be different . there'd be a phony , " let's go get that boy , gosh darn it ! " attitude that would sugarcoat the reality of war . by doing things this way , spielberg admits the instincts of self- preservation and complacency that every normal person has . it makes saving private ryan a lot more powerful than an testosterone-driven stallone movie mission . the movie's pattern is to have long battle scenes followed by quiet scenes of semi-introspective conversation among the soldiers . hanks is painted first as a nails-tough army man careful to hide his true self from the other men . it's not that way for long . edward burns , the guy you get for your movie when ben affleck isn't available , is the impulsive one . jeremy davies plays the translator who is seeing combat for the first time , and so on . none of the characters are fascinating or natural born heroes , but was spielberg's obvious intention . i wondered when i heard saving private ryan was three hours long , how were they going to fill three hours' time searching for one person and still make it interesting ? there are a few false starts ; hanks finds one private ryan in ted danson's company ( apparently , danson joined the army after " ink " was canceled . ) and breaks the bad news before learning it's the wrong ryan . and of course the movie's far from over when hanks does locate ryan ( matt damon , the other guy you get when affleck isn't available ) . that's when the movie turns into more of a conventional war flick , although body parts and limbs still fly like never before . saving private ryan is worth your time , but it's definitely no schindler's list . the battle scenes are intense and realistic , but some of the attempts at sincere emotion aren't . the movie's bookends are particularly cheesy and out of place , when an old private ryan goes to the cemetary with his family and bawls his eyes out , whining , " tell me i've led a good life . tell me i'm a good man . " spielberg was apparently following the james cameron line of thought that any three-hour movie about the past should be framed by a self-contained prologue and epilogue that takes place in the present . much more effective are subtler scenes , like the one where several of hanks' men are rifling thrugh a bag of dogtags from dead soldiers , and they make light of what they're doing by pretending they're playing poker . this while an airborne division marches by , their eyes full of that mound of dogtags . by not explicitly pointing out that it symbolizes the random poker game that life and death can be in war , the audience gets the message . and even if it's not a classic , saving private ryan is definitely one of the better war movies out there . visit the movie critic at large homepage at http : //www . missouri . edu/~c667778/movies . html close to 1 , 000 reviews with a comedic flair . . . 
director :   john lasseter , andrew stanton cast :   dave foley , kevin spacey , julia louis-dreyfuss , david hyde pierce , madeline kahn , denis leary screenplay :   andrew stanton , donald mcenery , bob shaw producers :  darla k . anderson , kevin reher runtime :    95 min . us distribution :   disney/buena vista rated g once again , the battle is dreamworks versus disney : earlier this year , the mammoth companies fought to the death with their end-of-the-world asteroid flicks , deep impact and armageddon . here we are now , just a few months later , and they're at it again with dueling bug movies , antz and a bug's life . what i find so astonishing is that both pairs of movies are so inherently similar in both story and execution . i mean , come on -- what were the chances of two studios both deciding to bring out computer-animated films about bugs ? as was the case with the meteor movies , disney has come out on top : though antz is a likable movie , a bug's life is far superior . in fact , this movie made me realize what was wrong with antz : i became immersed in the world of a bug's life , while antz just made me scrutinize everything . but it's not really fair to base an entire review on a comparison . a bug's life is a remarkable film in its own right , and deserves to be seen apart from any other computer-animated film about bugs . in fact , it's one of the best films this year : it's smart , subtle , and funny , but it's also perfect family entertainment and relentlessly entertaining . i haven't had such a good time at the movies in months . it tells the story of an ant named flick ( voice by dave foley ) ; he's a nice guy , but he's also a troublemaker . the ants spend all season putting together the offering , a big pile of food that they provide for the grasshoppers . just before the grasshoppers come , flick accidentally knocks over the offering , and ruins everything for the entire colony : the grasshopper's leader , hopper ( kevin spacey ) , is enraged , and tells them that the ants need twice the food by the end of summer , or they're all dead . flick , feeling responsible for this , sets off to look for help -- he realizes that the only way to be rid of the grasshoppers is to fight them . he heads to the city ( the city being a house a few miles away ) , where he finds a colorful bunch of circus bugs : a ladybug ( denis leary , who is spectacular ) , a black widow ( bonnie hunt ) , a caterpillar ( joe ranft ) , a butterfly ( madeline kahn ) , a rhinoceros beetle ( michael mcshane ) , and a stick ( david hyde-pierce , also giving a hilarious performance ) . flick doesn't know they're actors , and they don't know that flick needs them to kill a bunch of grasshoppers , so they return to the colony with flick and find themselves in an unusual position . the most obvious element of a bug's life is the quality of animation . created by pixar , the same people who brought us toy story , a bug's life has some of the most amazing visuals i've ever seen . the bugs seem to inhabit a three-dimensional space , and occasionally there will be a shot that is indistinguishable from live action . this is a lush , colorful world , full of life and imagination : the way the animators insert the things all of us see in our daily lives ( matches , bottlecaps , tin cans , etc . ) and make them active objects in the bugs' world is innovative . the film is also mercilessly exciting , particularly in a superbly-staged scene involving our heroes' escape from a bird ( a little bird never seemed so huge and threatening ) . but the makers of a bug's life know where the importance lies : story and characters . flick , with solid voice work from foley , is a great guy to lead the story . but the real treat comes with the circus bugs ; they're such a likable group of characters -- the standouts are the stick ( hyde-pierce is so good ) , francis the ladybug , and the big fat caterpillar . all of these bugs have more than a token personality , which makes the suspenseful scenes work because we care about the bugs , and it also keeps the tear-jerking scenes from seeming obligatory . in my review of antz , i said that the film is a clever cop-out because it presents a bunch of little humans reacting to an ant-like existence . in concept , a bug's life is basically the same movie , except that i was never given enough time to find things that i didn't like about it . with such strong work in both animation and script , a bug's life is nothing but a joy to sit through . it really is too bad that it had to come out so close to that other bug movie , but a bug's life is so good that i'm sure it will find its audience . after a slew of endlessly violent and cynical movies , it's downright refreshing to sit through an innocent picture like this and laugh without feeling guilty . 
 the thing about adam sandler is , his heart is in the right place . for example , in happy gilmore , sandler plays a rookie golfer trying to beat a self-confident jerk of a pro . if the star were any other comic , that would be enough motivation to drive the movie , but with sandler , the rookie also wants to win the prize money to help his grandma keep her house . that extra motive doesn't make happy gilmore a funnier movie . it doesn't really add any genuine emotional depth , either . in fact , the motive is almost totally irrelevant to the movie . but sandler's philosophy seems to be , if it's a token gesture , why not make it a nice gesture ? that is endlessly refreshing . in the wedding singer , sandler is right on track . the fact that he's a wedding singer is only superficially relevant to the story . what kind of a wedding singer he is is even less important . david spade could have filled the role with cynicism and sarcasm . he could make fun of the fat , ugly , or embarrassing people he meets at weddings , and the story would be intact . but sandler instead brings a mature goodness to the character . he seems to really enjoy the people at weddings and treats them as though they were his own family . robbie hart ( sandler ) doesn't just sing at weddings ; he also gets the loners to join in and have fun , and he smooths it over when someone does something embarrassing . he is exactly the man you would want at your wedding . the day comes when robbie has his own wedding , and he is stood up by his heavy-metal bride ( the movie is set in 1985 ) . robbie takes it hard . he doesn't sleep , he doesn't eat , and he gets punched out at work when he sings " love stinks " at a wedding . julia ( drew barrymore ) , who waitresses all the weddings in town , gives him a shoulder to cry on and an ear to talk to . eventually , robbie starts rebounding toward julia . he really likes her , but she's engaged . her fiancé is a self-confident jerk ( do i see a trend - nope , just a formula ) who doesn't deserve her , but robbie is too depressed to fight for her hand . julia seems to like robbie too , but she can't leave her seemingly safe and stable fiancé for the off-chance that robbie might be serious about her . you know the story . you've seen it a million times before . there's always a new way to tell it , with new lovers , new chemistry , and new details , but it's the same story . and sometimes , it works . 
capsule : a love story hidden inside a half-serious thriller , and the love story comes out on top . a friend of my mother's is a compulsive collector of odd trivia . one night she came back after a cab ride with six photocopied pages of closely-packed conspiracy theory gibberish , which the cabdriver had apparently foisted off on her after lecturing her about the evils of technology . i guess both she and screenwriter brian helgeland must've ridden in the same cab , because conspiracy theory takes that kernel of an idea , wraps a love story around it , and milks it quite nicely . the cabbie in the movie is named jerry fletcher , and is played by mel gibson . so many of his previous roles featured him playing intensely masculine and assertive roles , so it comes as a shock when we see him gibbering and waving his fingers around like squid's tentacles and motormouthing his way through the opening credits about everything from what they put into the water to who killed jfk . he's a nut . he's also a nut with a case of puppy-dog erotomania , and the object of his affection is a woman who works in the justice department -- alice sutton , whose father , a judge , died under bizarre circumstances . fletcher and sutton know each other : he comes to her office with another wacko theory every week , and she tolerates his presence , if only because he saved her from some muggers once . but she's clearly only going to take so much of him at a time , and she's not charmed by him . at least at first . one day fletcher comes under the attention of some shadowy characters , and is abducted and put through a serio-comic chamber of horrors that makes the " dentist's chair " scene in marathon man look positively comforting . after that , he's no longer just kooky -- he's charged with the convinction that someone really is after him . convincing alice , on the other hand , is another story . the plot unspools in several directions at once , but it doesn't come up with anything that leaves us tearing out the cushions of our seats in amazement : the movie isn't working in that direction . the timing in every scene is comic , and the relationship between jerry and alice is like a mutant version of a screwball comedy where the society dame is pestered by the resourceful grocery boy . it is , at heart , a relatively sweet-natured story . sounds strange considering that a good deal of the plot concerns stuff which almost any other movie would have made x-files-bleak and blade runner-black , but the movie tries something neat and for the most part makes it . who'd've thunk it : a date movie about mk-ultra ? 
directed by keenen ivory wayans . screenplay by phil beauman , jason friedberg , buddy johnson , aaron seltzer , marlon wayans , shawn wayans . starring anna faris , marlon wayans , regina hall . running time : 86 minutes . rated aa for mature subject matter and offensive language by the mfcb . reviewed on july 7th , 2000 . how do you review a film like " scary movie " ? certainly not on the basis of plot . the " story " of a spoof is usually just a framework for gags -- to assess it on that criterion would be like judging a dress on the quality of the hanger . acting isn't really all that important either , as long as the performers possess a certain amount of charisma and some notion of comic timing . direction ? virtually irrelevant . cinematography ? get real . no , all that matters in deciding whether or not " scary movie " is any good are the laughs . and " scary movie " is the first parody i've seen in years that has laughs in droves . but fair warning first : i'm a big fan of the " naked gun " movies . i enjoyed " spaceballs " . if your sense of humor runs contrary to my own , this review likely won't apply much to you . " scary movie " started life as two separate screenplays -- " scream if you know what i did last halloween " and " last summer i screamed because friday the 13th fell on halloween " -- which were merged into one by director keenen ivory wayans . ironically , the final moniker was a working title for " scream " , the progenitor of the current crop of teen-oriented slasher films . if you haven't already guessed , " scary movie " is a pastiche of this whole genre . if you've been avoiding these sorts of pictures , you might want to give this one a pass too , as you might not get many of the jokes . the storyline of " scary movie " broadly follows the plot of " scream " , with elements of other films ( notably " scream 2 " and " i know what you did last summer " ) thrown in for good measure . we again start off with a big star making popcorn . in " scream " it was drew barrymore ( playing " casey becker " ) , here it's carmen electra ( playing " drew becker " , wink wink ) . the phone rings , and sure enough it's a serial killer on the other line , wearing the same ghostface get-up as in " scream " . the voice on the phone wants to know what the noise is . carmen explains she just farted . the killer was referring to the popcorn . soon carmen is racing through the house and across her lawn . she comes to a signpost with arrows reading " safety " and " death " pointing in opposite directions . you can probably guess the rest . the movie plays out predictably from there , as teens are stalked and slain by the masked villain -- or is it villains ? but , really , who cares about the story ? it barely even makes sense , and the ending is particularly incredulous . what is important is the way " scary movie " subverts its source material , and this it does very well . the " father death " mask , for instance , has gained the miraculous ability to reflect its owner's mood , generating some bizarre visuals when the killer is toquing up . toward the end , the ( ? ) murderer does a terrific imitation of matthew lillard , one of " scream " 's homicidal teenagers . " scary movie " doesn't just target the slasher genre , either . everything from " the matrix " to " dawson's creek " is up for grabs here , and there are some great send-ups of human behaviour . one of my favourite scenes has black actress regina hall attending a showing of " shakespeare in love " . in a terrific pastiche of rude moviegoers ( and , in particular , the reputation african-americans have of talking back to the screen ) , hall just doesn't stop chattering . she even talks on her cell phone , loudly , to the disgust of the all-white , upper-middle-class crowd . ghostface slinks into the audience to stab hall , but the audience gets to her first , pulling out their own weapons . " this is for 'schindler's list' ! " exclaims a hassidic jew . you'll have to hear for yourself what film hall ruined for the pope . ( when i saw " scary movie " , there was a moron waving a laser pointer across the screen during certain scenes -- the first time i've encountered this particular brand of rudeness at a local theatre . intriguingly , they stopped doing it after the scene i've just described . coincidence ? ) not all the jokes are winners , though , and " scary movie " is hamstrung by following the plot of " scream " a little too closely ; greater variation would have made for a funnier , more dynamic film . some of the humor is rather tired -- the gag of giving the characters cutesy , referential names ( " buffy " gilmore ) was even done already in " scream 3 " . and sometimes " scary movie " just doesn't know when enough is enough , like the running gag about ray ( shawn wayans ) being a closet homosexual . furthermore , whereas the truly great spoofs set you up with an obvious joke , then knock you down by taking it one step further , " scary movie " is often content to go only halfway . a parody of the confession scene from " the blair witch project " , for example , is an awful lot like every other " blair witch " parody of the past year . no doubt the most controversial aspect of " scary movie " will be the sheer explicitness of many jokes . remember two years ago , when the " franks and beans " scene in " there's something about mary " was considered groundbreaking ? well , there's a " franks and beans " scene about every fifteen minutes here , although for the most part they're pretty amusing , fortunately . consequently , parents may want to be wary of letting younger children attend " scary movie " . it strikes me as a movie for strictly high school age at minimum , and even that might be pushing it . amongst the cast , the only real standout is newcomer anna faris , playing sidney -- er , cindy campbell , succeeding impressively at portraying the virginal heroine while uttering and engaging in sheer filth . it's almost eerie . otherwise , the castmembers are basically just vehicles for the jokes . there aren't characters here , just ciphers and cliches . yes indeed , " scary movie " is plotless , crude , and possessed of mostly marginal performances -- all the things film critics are supposed to abhor . but did i laugh my ass off anyway ? you bet i did . do i recommend " scary movie " ? god help me , yes . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/scarymovie . html _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
by nathaniel r . atcheson ( nate@pyramid . net ) zero effect gets its title from the main character , daryl zero ( bill pullman ) , although we don't understand what it truly means until the very last line of dialogue in the film . zero is a private investigator , perhaps the best private investigator who ever lived ( at least he'd like to think so ) . however , he's a socially inept being , and eccentric in every possible way -- this fact certainly makes his talents as a private eye even more bewildering than they already are . zero's accomplice is steve arlo ( ben stiller ) , a " normal " guy who does the business side of the job -- he's the one who actually speaks to clients and explains zero's greatness as an investigator . the opening scene has steve explaining the many virtues of zero's talents to soon-to-be client gregory stark ( ryan o'neal ) . it turns out that stark has lost a key to a safe deposit box , and is now being blackmailed for something that he apparently knows nothing about . zero takes the case , and the plot thickens . his path leads to a young , pretty paramedic named gloria sullivan ( kim dickens ) . despite her luminous and seemingly-harmless presence , she turns out to be the one blackmailing stark . through his investigations , zero learns why , but not without developing feelings for gloria -- feelings that , because of his reclusive behavior , are new and confusing to him . i have no particular affinity towards the mystery genre of film . i can idly enjoy movies about private investigators , and , every once in a while , a film like chinatown comes a long that blows me away ( actually , no private eye film has ever reached chinatown's greatness ) . zero effect , which is jake kasdan's first effort as writer/director , is a film about a private investigator that succeeds in all attempts : it's an original , funny , and completely involving motion picture . with so many cliches available to this genre , i find it amazing that kasdan avoided all of them . but he didn't just successfully avoid flaws : he has created a great film here , one that had me interested and fascinated from the first shot to the final moment . take , for starters , the great cast of characters . pullman is terrific as zero , showing a comic flair that i really haven't seen from him since spaceballs . zero is the kind of guy who seems at ease switching personalities so frequently as he does here ; the fact that he's an almost exaggeratedly twisted , emotionally unstable man outside of his profession is not at all difficult to believe . pullman's performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance , and the occasional voice-over as he's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious . ben stiller is also a very funny individual ; he's the kind of comedian who makes normal lines sound funny . " i'll shoot you , " he says to stark at one point . " i have a gun , and everything . " his character is also well-drawn , with an interesting subplot involving his girlfriend ( angela featherstone ) who is not happy with the extensive amounts of time he must spend away from her due to the unpredictability of his job . o'neal also gives his character a bit of depth ; and kim dickens , last seen ( and underused ) in mercury rising , gets a chance to show us her talent here , giving gloria the realism this kind of character really needs . i find zero effect to be an immensely funny and witty film . kasdan's humor is of the best kind -- soft spoken , and mostly dialogue-driven ( though there are some great visual jokes ) . it's the kind of humor that's funny even after you've seen it five or six times . there's one scene in which zero talks about how detached he is , an how that makes him such a great detective . what we see during this narration are various shots of him sitting on a bed , or standing motionlessly , with his hair destroyed and an utterly blank look painted on his unshaven face , his eyes pointing to something off camera , but obviously to nothing in particular . i can't convey to you how funny this is , but what makes it great film making is that it has a point -- scenes like this are frequent , and they provide solid characterization of zero . as a side note , i don't consider myself an average viewer when it comes to comedy ( not to sound elitist ) -- i find things funny that many do not , and vice versa . there was a clump of people near me in the theater laughing uproariously through this film , and the rest of the theater was relatively silent through most of it . i have a feeling the humor here won't appeal to everyone , but there's certainly enough story and character development to keep anyone's interest . jake kasdan , son of writer/director lawrence kasdan , is only 22 years old . i found this out after seeing the film , and i can't remember ever being so impressed with a film maker . his direction is stylish without being pretentious , and his writing is mature , full , and developed . zero effect is the kind of film that i'll buy for my collection -- smart , original films like this are rare as it is , but this one actually has a heart and a soul . at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and i was satisfied with the outcome . and , with kasdan's undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future . 
what if one of our cities became the target for terror ? what can we do ? what can america really do about the increasing threat of terrorism ? what basic human rights are we willing to sacrifice to prevent another oklahoma city disaster ? so far america has been the leading nation , opposing the fundamentalist terrorists around the world . it is the land of opportunities . it is the land of freedom . but what if it became the new target ? this dark fantasy has unfortunately a very strong grounding in reality . when a special branch of the united states military , under the command of general william devereaux ( bruce willis ) , takes prisoner suspected terrorist mastermind sheik ahmed bin talal , islamic fundamentalists across the world take notice . the only warning the fbi receives is a single , cryptic message : " release him . " then all hell breaks loose in new york . a bus is destroyed , killing 25 civilians . a broadway theater is bombed . hostages are taken at a school . as the wave of terrorist activity crests , the president must consider if the only way to save the city and break the grip of fear is to declare martial law . devereaux argues against that eventuality , but is nevertheless ready to lead 10 , 000 men into action on american soil . another person not in favor of martial law is anthony hubbard ( denzel washington ) , the fbi agent in charge of investigating the terrorist activities . his staff is comprised of smart , energetic , intelligent men and women very much unlike the usual group o ! f moronic feds we're used to seeing in movies . hubbard develops an uneasy alliance with cia agent elise kraft ( annette bening ) , whose department knows more about the situation than they're willing to reveal . but the attacks escalate . the fbi are helpless , chasing an invisible enemy . the land is under siege . they have lost control . . a terror is coming from within . . what's great about this film is that it is made as if holding up a mirror to life . it reflects reality . and that's why it makes such an impact . edward zwick has created a clever , well written and terrifying thriller that may very well be one of the best films of the season . the director manages to tell several stories simultaneously . and so his film plays on several levels , never loosing focus on its main objective . he is exploring the abuse of power , the distrustful relationships that exist between various segments of the u . s . government ( the army , the fbi , and the cia ) . he takes a look at the complexities inherent when so many secrets and lies are involved . the palestinian community in 1998 new york is treated exactly as japanese americans were during world war ii . there are concentration camps and unlawful interments , all in the name of the " greater good . " in the latter part of the film the land of opportunities looses its heart and soul -- freedom . was that what the terror ! ists really wanted ? this film has evoked protests and objections from the arab-american population in the u . s . and n . y . especially . but to me these protests seem unnecessary . zwick is careful to not step over the line and make the palestinians typical hollywood bad guys . the script is therefore wonderfully balanced . agent hubbard's best friend and loyal colleague frank haddad ( tony shalhoub ) is lebanese-american . and it is quite often you hear lines such as " my first boyfriend was palestinian . they seduce you with their suffering " or " they love this country as much as we do . " but no matter how you twist this matter , you won't get away from the fact that when it comes to world wide terrorism it is arab-speaking population who are in the great majority . more to the point , the siege demonstrates the injustice of blanket condemnation of any ethnic group by depicting the unfair treatment of all arab-americans by the u . s . military . and thus this film does not serve as a source for discrimination in any ! way . denzel washington is dashing as always . in this role he is much more determined and stronger than usual . anette bening is enjoyable and believable as a shadowy cia operative who prefers espionage , a network of snitches and seduction to gather information . . bruce willis is terrifying as the sadist , hungry for power , that never looses his connection with the audience , since his point of view is not too hard to understand . the film is elegantly shaped . the scenes are easily floating into each other and the film never seems overlong . zwick knows exactly how to provoke tension , horror and emotions and does it with a rarely observed professionalism . he tightens the intensity as the events progress . and when a plot twist comes , it actually is surprising . it is not a film drained in patriotism , like the work of roland emerich . nor is it a film that portrays explosions purely for entertainment values . it is a daring picture that has courage enough to undertake such a risky story and difficult journey . it has courage enough to get involved in politics . it questions our foreign policies , mentality and defense . i must admit that it ends rather disappointing , as the director turns the patriotism way up and innovation down . but despite of that , it is certainly an intelligent and thrilling film that provokes emotions and thoughts ; a virtue that few summer films can boast of . " this is the u . s . army . it's a broadsword , not a scalpel . believe me , you do not want us in an american city " - gen . william devereaux , " the siege " 
the truman show ( paramount pictures ) running time : 1 hour 42 minutes starring jim carrey and ed harris directed by peter weir after a long wait , jim carrey's dramatic debut finally makes it to the big screen . in case you've been asleep for the last few months , the plot centres on truman burbank ( carrey ) who leads an seemingly idyllic life in the beautiful town of seahaven . his life seems so perfect , however , because it's controlled by christoff ( harris ) creator of the truman show , the program burbank is unwittingly the hero of . that's right , burbank's life is being broadcast live to the american public , and seahaven and all it's inhabitants are inclosed in a massive sound stage . the film takes the jerry springer format one step too far . . . with an idea so different , it would be easy for the director and screenwriter to dumb it down and appeal to the lowest common denominator . luckily , the film remains sensible enough to appeal to all ages , yet never seems to be a dumb carrey movie . talking of carrey , he's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career . his character is a re-inforced stanley ipkiss from the mask ( 1994 ) and is completely suited to carrey's persona . he occasionally falls into ace ventura mode , shrieking and being silly , but generally the audience is watching subdued carrey . he's not completely dramatic like the film promises , however . ed harris brings an extreme intensity to christoff , the megalomaniac creator of the show . quiet and well spoken , he burns an image into the viewer . unfortunately , he's barely in the film , and for the first hour dosen't appear at all ! also disappointing is natascha mcelhone's character sylvia . she plays the role well , but her character is sadly underwritten and is pushed to the sidelines just when the audience is used to her . the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect it's creepy . the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film . peter weir keeps the film going , clearly having fun . the film is far more upbeat than his previous films dead poets society and green card . although it is slightly slow to begin with , about half an hour into film the pace really picks up , and when christoff is introduced fully the film is on a roll . sadly , though , the film is practically over when the film is in full steam . also , concerning the ending , it is slightly too ambiguous , which was disappointing . the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim . while christoff's plans to keep truman in do get increasingly silly , they never go over the line , which would have been easy for niccol to do . also , there's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show . overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment . certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone . it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly not come out disappointed . 
capsule : what a surprise : a big-name hollywood comedy that's actually funny . tim robbins and martin lawrence both score points ( although robbins comes out slightly ahead ) . the opening scenes of nothing to lose hit me like a left hook when i was expecting a body blow . tim robbins , playing a corporate hustler named nick beam , is in bed with his wife , murmuring in a dead , empty voice about how the love is gone . then we get a surprise -- several , actually -- that had both me and the rest of the audience falling out of our seats . this sets us up on several levels : not only is robbins a good actor , but so is the beam character . nick works for an advertising company which fills his hours , but he still manages to find time for his wife . one afternoon , he gets out of a whole slew of corporate obligations and comes home early . . . to find his wife and his boss in bed together . he wanders downstairs , dazed , and then does what no man in a blue funk should ever do : get in his car . his aimless driving leads him to a carjacking , courtesy of a fellow named t . paul ( martin lawrence ) , who senses mr . whitebread ain't firing on all thrusters when he doesn't even look at the gun pointing at his temple . " boy , did you ever pick the wrong guy on the wrong day , " beam mutters with a deadly little smile , and floors it . one scarifying ride later , the two of them take stock in a diner far outside the city . they don't like each other , but they're forced to rely on each other when the land rover runs out of gas and paul sticks up a gas station to fill it up . bit by bit , beam's story comes out . . . along with a bizarre plan to get revenge on his boss by robbing him blind . the movie's a pastiche of recent comedy cliches , and there's no point in ignoring it . what's different is that the movie is funny . most comedies that try to play this kind of mix-and-match don't work ; they strike the wrong notes , or make the heroes into idiots . both beam and paul know what's what , which makes them interesting to watch : you wonder what they're going to do next . in one scene , they rob a sporting-goods store , and what could have been a routine stick-em-up turns into a heated competition over who had the more intimidating stickup style . martin lawrence is an odd duck . i can't figure out if i like him or hate him , but i liked him in this movie : he does things with his voice and face that shouldn't be physically possible , which is half the reason for the laughs he gets . the other half is his timing and attitude : pay attention to the scene where he dresses down beam for not having a tighter grip on his wife ( and beam's reaction , too ) . or the scene where he tries to tell beam he's in danger , and gets shrugged off . ultimately , the cliches win in nothing to lose , but that doesn't mean the ride isn't enjoyable . my basic rule of thumb for comedy is : did i laugh ? yeah -- a lot more than i probably should have , but i can't say that about most movies . and the scene with the security guard goth-dancing in the laser vault has to be seen to be believed . 
director : kenneth branagh writers : rita rudner and martin bregman starring : kenneth branagh , emma thompson , stephen fry , alphonsia emmanuel , hugh laurie , imelda staunton , rita rudner , tony slattery , phyllida law , alex lowe , richard briers the reunion film is not an original idea in any way , shape , or form . it's been done throughout film history over and over again , and has become one of the many sub-genres , like the prep school sub-genre , the angst-filled teen sub-genre , and the slasher sub-genre . what makes " peter's friends " so remarkable is not how it doesn't follow the rules of this sub-genre , but how it follows it so well , and creates characters that i wouldn't mind hanging with . what are the rules of the reunion sub-genre ? well . . . . 1 . you need a group of friends , most of them married or at least dating , and sometimes even married or dating eachother . 
 in a world where children are genetically screened and filtered before birth , vincent is born with no artificial genetic help from his parents . which is too bad for him because he is born into a society where a job interview consists solely of evaluating your dna . vincent's parents decide to have another child - a boy , for vincent . this time they get the help of a geneticist . so vincent grows up weaker , shorter and less graceful than his younger brother anton . if that weren't enough , mom and dad treat the boys differently , as if vincent might break from the same fall that anton brushes off . understandably , vincent grows up wanting to get as far away from home - and from people - as possible , all the way to the moons of jupiter . 
trees lounge is the directoral debut from one of my favorite actors , steve buscemi . he gave memorable performences in in the soup , fargo , and reservoir dogs . now he tries his hand at writing , directing and acting all in the same flick . the movie starts out awfully slow with tommy ( buscemi ) hanging around a local bar the " trees lounge " and him pestering his brother . it's obvious he a loser . but as he says " it's better i'm a loser and know i am , then being a loser and not thinking i am . " well put . the story starts to take off when his uncle dies , and tommy , not having a job , decides to drive an ice cream truck . well , the movie starts to pick up with him finding a love interest in a 17 year old girl named debbie ( chloe sevigny ) and . . . i liked this movie alot even though it did not reach my expectation . after you've seen him in fargo and reservoir dogs , you know he is capable of a better performence . i think his brother , michael , did an excellent job for his debut performence . mr . buscemi is off to a good career as a director ! 
starring : robert duvall , farrah fawcett , john beasley , miranda richardson ingredients : down-on-his-luck evangelist , churchsynopsis : sonny dewey ( robert duvall ) is a tireless texas pentecostal preacher who unexpectedly catches his wife ( farrah fawcett ) in bed with another guy . in a regrettable crime of passion he takes a baseball bat to the guy's head , and suddenly finds himself a fugitive for murder , and estranged from his wife and two kids . to atone for his sins , sonny flees to a rural bayou town in louisiana and baptizes himself as a new creature - - the apostle e . f . as the apostle e . f . sonny's main mission is to revive an abandoned church community and preach the gospel at the local radio station . soon he sets about resurrecting the one way road to heaven holiness temple . but sonny knows his time is short ; one day the police will find him . opinion : this movie is a thought-provoking look at an evangelist in real life terms . i believe that robert duvall ( who is the producer , director , writer , and main star of the apostle ) deserves an oscar for his performance as sonny the religious crusader - - a performance which is so complex and realistic it ranks as one of the finest acting performances on film . duvall's portrayal of a true believer is authentic , superb , and inspired ; it offers the audience a completely honest look at southern religion , as well as a portrait of a fallible , complicated man driven by his beliefs . incidentally , in real life duvall was just as 'driven' in getting the project underway . since no major hollywood studio wanted to risk financing a complex movie about an evangelist , the apostle as a project lay dormant for almost 13 years before duvall was able to get it done , paying for its production with his own money ( about five million dollars ) . in terms of hard-hitting realism and character portrayal the apostle would rank as one of the best movies of this decade , and i emphatically recommend the apostle for connoisseurs of stage and fine acting on film . similarly , those with a steep background in pentecostal christianity would find the apostle a thought-provoking experience . on the other hand , the apostle's main strength - - duvall's preaching - - is also what limits the apostle's target audience . in terms of plot and pure entertainment value , the apostle is definitely not for everyone . teenagers , action fans , comedy fans , and people who find church completely boring should stay far away from this movie , since three quarters of the film is watching sonny preach at church . in other words , the apostle is a four star performance , but with a very limited audience . 
directed by yuen woo ping starring jackie chan , hwang jang lee , simon yuen , dean shek mpaa : not rated ( though i feel it would likely be pg , for martial-arts violence . ) with three movies already ( re ) released theatrically in america , and at least three more on their way , jackie chan is one of the newest " hot properties " in action adventure stardom , and it's just about time . for over twenty-five years , jackie's been starring in martial arts and action movies in hong kong , thrilling audiences with both an incredible grasp of acrobatics and martial arts and a wonderful sense of comedy . " drunken master " has the distinction of being the first jackie chan movie to " make it big " --this is the movie that supposedly set jackie up for big stardom in hong kong . i'm not entirely sure why , exactly . in many ways , " drunken master " is similar to most of jackie's other early films , such as " fearless hyena " i and ii , " master with cracked fingers " , " half a loaf of kung fu " , " spiritual kung fu " , and others . in fact , looking at all these early films together , one gets the impression that they were stamped out , cookie-cutter style , at a rate of four to six per year , all using the same casts and telling very similar stories . to be honest , i think that early jackie chan movies are something of an acquired taste . they're quite different from action movies as we know them in america . these films tend to be set in the chinese countryside in an indeterminate period sometime in the distant past , with fairly slow plots that often meander far afield and sometimes seem to exist only for the intention of stringing comedy and fight scenes together . " drunken master " , though its plot is tighter than some , is no exception . ( as an aside , " drunken master " was the first jackie chan movie i ever saw , and i saw it the way it was meant to be seen . . . in a movie theater in seattle , as part of an asian film festival . at the time , i didn't really think it was anything special . . . but after having seen more films like it , it's kind of grown on me . ) " drunken master " 's storyline is very similar to that of other early jackie chan movies , such as " fearless hyena " i and ii and " master with cracked fingers " --slacker martial arts student is taught the martial arts by a harsh-seeming master , and has a big fight with an evil bad guy in the end ( a formula that has been " adapted , " to put it kindly , by american films such as karate kid ) . more specifically , jackie chan plays the part of wong fei-hong , aka " naughty panther , " a fun-loving , practical-joking kung fu student who is too good at kung fu for his own good , but not _quite_ good enough . after embarrassing his instructor's assistant by beating him roundly , then beating up a bully in a marketplace , wong fei-hong tries to hit on a pretty girl , but discovers that she , and her mother , can hit back , better than he can . . . and is further chagrinned to discover that the two women are his cousin and aunt , respectively . his father , wong kei-ying , is unhappy about this , and is further annoyed when the father and brother of the bully show up to sue for damages . kei-ying soon institutes a harsh regimen of punishment , which fei-hong does not like at all . while escaping from this punishment , fei-hong meets up with a drunken old man , who proceeds to thrash him soundly , then take him on as a student and thrash him some more . this turns out to be su hua-chi , a legendary master of drunken-style kung fu . he assigns fei-hong a series of bizarre tasks , such as filling jugs with water while hanging upside down from a frame , cracking walnuts with his hands , and other such exercises , that seem like more pointless cruelty but are actually strengthening him up . then , when he's ready , he teaches him the seven styles of drunken kung fu . unfortunately , the lazy fei-hong only practices six of them . . . " drunken master " features some wonderful martial arts sequences , with jackie winning some fights and losing others . it's been said before , but i'll say it again--these fights don't just _happen_ , they're as carefully choreographed as any ballet performance , and it shows . in his fights , jackie often makes use of objects found in his environment-- benches , jugs , cups , bowls , fruits and vegetables--often in new and surprising ways . the fight scenes , particularly those toward the end of the film , are unparallelled in most american films . whether jackie wins or loses , it's really something to see . . . and it's often as funny as anything , too . and funny is the other thing jackie chan is very , very good at . there's very little that's new in this movie--jackie winning fights , jackie getting beaten badly by a master , jackie going through punishment or training . . . these schticks have all been seen before , in any one of several dozen similar jackie movies from the seventies and early eighties . but they're still hilarious as ever . likewise , jackie has a _great_ supporting cast , many of whom were also in other early jackie films , and they're often the source of plenty of hilarity on their own . the really big thing about " drunken master " , though , that inspired several copycats ( including a couple starring jackie himself ) and a sequel fifteen years later , was the drunken-style kung fu . i'm not certain whether or not this is actually a genuine style of kung fu , but the principle behind it is to imitate the wobbly movements of a drunkard to lull the enemy into a false sense of security . . . and it apparently helps if you're drunk while you're doing it . genuine or not , i have to admit , there's just something incredibly fun about watching a fellow who looks utterly sloshed wading into a group of startled opponents and making mincemeat out of them before they even realize what's going on . come to think of it , perhaps this element is what accounts for this film's success over any of the other jackie films . . . it's not just martial arts , it's the kind of martial arts that makes you stop and go , " whoa . . . " on the negative side , the cinematography in this film is nothing special , the film stock is rather primitive , the plot is often rather slow , and the subtitles are sometimes extremely hard to read against the background . " gone with the wind " , this isn't . still , if you like martial arts films , or like what you've seen so far of jackie chan and want to see more , give it a shot . it's much more " real " than chuck norris or jean-claude van damme . you might very well like it . another interesting thing about " drunken master " has to do with its video availability in the us . " drunken master " is the only early jackie chan movie that i know of that you can find in its original , letterboxed , hong kong subtitled form , commercially available on vhs ( from magnum video , in a gold box , for about $10 ) . there are plenty of other early jackie films around , but these are typically either in dubbed , pan-and-scanned form or else import tapes priced for rental instead of purchase . thankfully , " drunken master " , at least , is available in the aspect ratio in which it was meant to be seen , at a very affordable price . if you like " drunken master " , take a look at the numerous other early jackie chan films that are out there ( even the dubbed ones aren't really _too_ bad . . . if nothing else , you can enjoy the martial arts choreography while making fun of the dialogue ) . i particularly recommend " spiritual kung fu " , " half a loaf of kung fu " , the " fearless hyena " movies , and " snake & crane arts of shaolin " . also , the mostly-unrelated-storywise sequel , " drunken master ii " , will hit theaters in american release sometime later this year ( though what its american-release title will be is still uncertain ) and comes _highly_ recommended by this reviewer . also , for a rather different interpretation of the character wong fei-hong ( who is in fact a popular figure from chinese folklore ) , i've been told to suggest the " once upon a time in china " series starring jet li ( though i haven't personally seen any of them yet ) . if you choose to watch " drunken master " , i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema that's out there . all in all , i give this film an 8 out of 10 . -- chris meadows aka | author , team m . e . c . h . a . , crapshoot & co . robotech_master | on the superguy listserv ( bit . listserv . superguy ) robotech@eyrie . org | with a world wide web homepage located at robotech@jurai . net | http : //www . eyrie . org/~robotech/index . html 
well i'll be damned , what a most excellent surprise . not to be confused with the campy and far inferior 1988 remake starring ex-porn star traci lords , this more recent attempt at remaking the 1950's drive-in schlockfest not of this earth is a real gem and was quite possibly the best sci-fi flick of 1995 . once again , b-movie king roger corman is behind this effort ( he directed the original ) but this time he appears only in the role of executive producer . the rest of the crew and cast are relative unknowns . it seems criminal that the film was released direct to video in most countries , because it's an absolute must-see for sci-fi fans and a treat for anyone who enjoys decently acted and written thrillers with a kooky bent . the plot in brief . paul johnson ( michael york ) is an alien posing as an eccentric millionaire who , though needing to kill people to live , is visiting earth for far from selfish reasons . his race is dying of a mysterious blood disease and he desperately is trying to find a cure , the key of which lies in the blood of humans . he visits and soon puts under his spell the respected blood physician dr . rochelle , whom he hypnotises into doing secret research on his behalf . he also has the doctor convince smart and sexy nurse amanda ( elizabeth barondes ) to move in with johnson as his private nurse so as to give him the blood transfusions which he constantly requires . but before long , amanda and johnson's sleazy chauffeur release that johnson is a lot more than just eccentric . i must admit , my first glimpse of the video cover for not of this earth was not encouraging . british actor michael york has appeared in some real stinkers in past few decades , a far cry from the quality fare of his younger days such as caberat ( 1972 ) . but his performance here as an alien in human disguise is nothing short of outstanding . the weird twitches and bizarre modes of speech , the dapper clothes and cool spectacles , the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character . york is by turns hilarious , menacing and tragic . this is a tour-de-force and quite simply the best performance i've seen from him . and while obviously made on a modest budget , the film boasts enormous strengths . the casting is spot on , the acting is terrific and the script is intelligent , witty and consistently engaging , cleverly updating the original . the balance of horror and humour is just about perfect , a marked contrast to the earlier remake from 1988 . the film doesn't drag for a second of its 90 minute running time thanks to tight editing and the sure hand of little-known director terrance h . winkless . and it doesn't matter one bit that the special effects are cheesy - this is schlock after all , even if it is high class schlock . in fact my only criticism of the film is that things get a tad weak towards the end . tighter direction could have given the climax more urgency and a few of the characters act rather illogically given their life-threatening situation . but these are minor complaints . just see it . not of this earth is one of the biggest sci-fi surprises in years . and michael york : in one cool swoop you've made yourself a b-movie legend , dude . 
no , you will * not * believe in ghosts after seeing ghost , unless you were predisposed to believe in them already . but , you will see a movie that is a wonderful blend of love story , thriller , and comedy . and , yes , i think it worked . the plot is simple , though it has a few interesting twists . patrick swayze and demi moore move into a big old loft apartment . swayze is in finance at a bank , and moore is a sculptor . swayze is murdered , and his ghost runs into the movie . while it appears to be a random killing at first , the ghost learns that one of his co-workers was out to get some computer security codes , and that he may now be out to get moore . in order to reach moore , he finds whoopi goldberg , a " spiritualist . " the movie is at its best when it plays with people's beliefs about ghosts and the afterlife . goldberg is a charlatan until swayze finds her , and she isn't sure what to do with him . moore desperately wants to believe that goldberg has contacted swayze , but the evidence is stacked against her . and swayze wants to reach moore , in order to save her life , but he can't contact her directly , since he's a ghost . this is * not * an " actors' " movie . whoopi goldberg is on hand , playing her classic smart-mouthed , street-wise broad with an attitude and she's a hoot . both patrick swayze and demi moore are ernest , adorable , and moving . a character actor who played one of the patients in cuckoo's nest and one of salieri's servants in amadeus gives a great performance of a ghost trapped in the new york subway . the biggest flaw in this movie is the editing . many scenes run on too long . the director and film editor should have shaven about 10-20 minutes from the movie , and would have made a better , tighter movie . 
in zoolander , the world's most successful , influential and intellectually-challenged male model derek zoolander wonders , " is there more to life than being really really really good looking ? " obviously , the film's creator and star ben stiller asked a similar question when crafting a feature-length movie out of his hilarious vh1/vogue fashion awards short-film subject : can there be more to this film than being really really really silly ? no , of course not , and it never aspires to be anything more . much like derek , zoolander is a sweet simpleton of a movie . it's not complex in either its social commentary or its comedy , and it never produces any gut-busting laughs ( except maybe a scene when derek's model roommates all die in a tragic " gasoline fight " accident -- a riotously funny take-off of tommy hilfiger ads ) . but it has a satisfying handful of strong chuckles , wild characters and performances , and mildly harsh potshots at the fashion industry to keep you amused . better yet , this exaggerated version of the original three-minute skit is only blown out to an efficient 95 minutes -- just enough time to string together its goofball plot without exhausting the gag . zoolander opens with several fashion bigwigs plotting to assassinate the prime minister of malaysia , since he wants to abolish child labor in his country and thus driving up their costs . fashion designer and criminal mastermind jacobim mugatu ( will ferrell ) drafts a plan to brainwash the dumbest fashion model to carry out the evil deed . enter derek , whose career is slumping as newcomer hansel ( owen wilson ) takes the spotlight . on the trail of mugatu's plot is time magazine reporter matilda jeffries ( stiller's real-life wife christine taylor ) , and she's hoping to use mugatu's pawn derek to ultimately foil the scheme . much like the austin powers films , zoolander relies heavily on the strength of the talent involved , and this zany comedy features some of the funniest people in entertainment today . wilson is hysterical as the young , vain hansel . ferrell nearly steals the show from everyone as the flamboyant , freakish mugatu in the same way dr . evil upstages everyone in austin powers . jerry stiller -- ben's dad who's best remembered as frank costanza of seinfeld -- makes a priceless turn as derek's slimy agent maury ballstein . even ben stiller show alum andy dick shows up as a deranged , large-assed masseuse . as for ben stiller , it seems his derek has one gag : he's stupid , which plays out in some uproarious one-liners . unfortunately , taylor seems out of place and out of her league here . maybe it's just because i can't stop seeing her as marcia brady ( who she played in both brady movies ) , making her unbelievable as a dowdy , brainy plain jane who hasn't had sex in two years . she leaves me pining for the cynicism of janeane garofolo , who would've added real comic substance to the flimsy role . while zoolander is hardly highbrow , its screwball humor is welcome during these trying times , especially considering the gross lack of decent pickings in the theaters these days . zoolander's no masterpiece , but a very worthy distraction . 
hong kong action star chow yun-fat is a living legend , and it's about time that mainstream america found out . the ever-charismatic chow will certainly have no trouble winning new fans with his english language debut , antoine fuqua's brisk , explosive the replacement killers . in comparison to the dark , complex collaborations with john woo ( who executive produced ) that made chow an international superstar , replacement is not exactly the sturdiest of vehicles . the entire storyline of ken sanzel's thin script can be summed up by its title . chow plays john lee , a hitman who wants out of a contract with his mob boss employer ( kenneth tsang ) , who hence dispatches " replacements " to kill him and his ally , a document forger named meg coburn ( a game mira sorvino , running around in an open shirt ) . the plot is just the glue that holds together what is essentially one long series of wildly choreographed gunfights , which is far from a bad thing . fuqua , whose slick style is best described as a cross between michael bay and ( of course ) woo , wisely lets chow be chow--in other words , do all the things that makes him the coolest actor around . throughout the film , i found myself breathing sighs of relief as the outrageous derring-do from the chow i know and love appeared onscreen--sliding on floors , flying through the air , rolling around and flipping , firing from each hand . early on , though , fuqua makes a serious miscalculation by having chow hold a gun with both hands ( believe it or not , columbia pictures reportedly brought in someone to teach trigger-happy chow how to shoot a gun ) , and his discomfort is obvious . but there is only one scene where he does so , and soon after chow is allowed to ease into his normal routine . as well as chow is serviced by the replacement killers , it still only scratches the surface of his talent . his dour role erases all traces of his appealing sense of humor ; fuqua , perhaps caught up in his reverence for the man , takes chow's character a bit _too_ seriously , sometimes eliciting an odd chuckle from the audience . and the depth of his dramatic range is only hinted at in the silent , subtly acted scene where lee cannot go through with what is to be his last hit . but i suppose all depth will have to be reserved for when chow reunites with woo ( which he is slated to do in the forthcoming action comedy king's ransom ) . until then , replacement will do . it delivers all the mayhem and thrills one would want--and expect--from a popcorn action film and serves as a perfectly adequate american introduction to the living legend that is chow yun-fat . 
captain corelli's mandolin is one of those films that most people can't in good conscience say they hate . in the tradition of films like waking ned devine and cinema paradiso , it's a sweet but flawed wartime romance with enough gorgeous scenery and quaint villagers to choke a horse . it innocuously celebrates the triumph of true love , exalts the rise of an everyman hero , toasts art's ability to eclipse the horrors of life , and at times is even a visual feast ( miramax should charge the greek tourist board royalties ) . adapted from the best-selling novel by louis de bernieres , the story begins in 1941 . dr . iannis ( john hurt ) and his lovely daughter pelagia ( penélope cruz ) live on the idyllic greek isle of cephallonia , where pelagia is betrothed to fisherman mandras ( christian bale ) who's eager to prove his mettle in the growing war in europe . he goes off to fight for greece against the italians ; in the meantime , the italians invade his home island . but these italians aren't scary , mussolini types ; they're jolly , good-natured and even kind . according to them , italians are best at " eating , singing , and making love , " which the filmmakers set out to prove to no end in this movie . let's put it this way : puccini gets some serious screen time . when the opera-crooning captain corelli ( nicholas cage ) -- beloved mandolin in hand -- is placed in dr . iannis' home as a boarder , he and pelagia fall in love . all seems wonderful , especially when word arrives that mussolini has surrendered to the allies . the italians are ready to go home , but in handing over their arms to the still-fighting germans , some of the fun-loving italians get shot . soon , corelli and his men are working with the resistance to help liberate the island and avenge their brothers' deaths . but , can these few men defeat a huge nazi onslaught ? can true love prevail ? don't be so certain of the answer , but don't expect miracles either . films about love and war should have pathos and grit , and corelli's gives us smatterings of each . unfortunately , those glimmers are smothered by incredulously bad , syrupy dialogue ( " i feel i could've watched you forever . " ) and ludicrous -- almost comic -- accents . the performances are all passable , but americans and brits posing as italians and greeks can be too much to bear at times . cage seems to channeling a toned-down roberto benigni , exclaiming " bella bambina ! " every time he catches sight of cruz . and christian bale as a swarthy greek revolutionary ? that casting decision is pure comedy . while it's not remotely as bad as pearl harbor , the war here is basically a nice device to teach us the important lesson of acceptance . we're all not so different ( well , except maybe the nazis , but everyone hates them , right ? ) . greeks , italians , and germans can remarkably understand each other . . . in their accented english , of course , and these cultural exchanges are where the film's painless platitudes come to light . oddly , corelli's does provide quite a bit of gruesome battle footage and its fair share of brutal death , which gives you quite a jolt after watching an hour of bucolic harmony , italians singing happily , lovers cooing at one another , and " bella bambina ! " it's a welcome shock back to reality . but with the billing of " from the director of shakespeare in love , " one would hope john madden's follow-up would have touted the same witty , incisive and radiant dialogue as its predecessor , but this script is made of lead . instead of clever , we're treated to cliché with a thick artsy varnish , and there's certainly a big audience for that . too bad he couldn't get tom stoppard to bail him out this time . 
starring : judith hoag ( april o'neil ) , elias koteas ( casey jones ) , a bunch of guys in turtle suits directed by : steve barron , written by : todd w . langen , based on a story by : kevin eastman , peter laird , and bobby herbeck rated pg by the mpaa for violence and mild language . well folks , last week i went to go check out the replacement killers . not a bad flick , thanks largely to chow yun-fat . however , when i saw it , i also saw the trailer for wild things with kevin bacon , neve campbell , and denise richards . i fell ill at this . i have never seen a more idiotic-looking film trailer in all my life . this is worse than batman & robin's trailer . this film looks like the total scum of the movie world . if it grosses dollar one in its opening weekend , i'll have to fear for humanity . naturally , this turned me off to going to the theater for a little bit , in fear of seeing it again ( cue cold chill running down my spine here ) . i'll go back for dark city , but right now it's just stay home , watch tv , yadda yadda . and lo and behold , what's this ? why it's 1990's teenage mutant ninja turtles film . and you know what ? i'm going to shock you all by saying this , but it's not a bad film at that . in fact , it's pretty fun . i remember seeing these turtle flicks before . this would be the good one . a nice , dark vision of new york ( quite the cool production design ) , and of course , four turtles and a rat . if you don't know the old story of the " green machine , " it goes like this - a glass jar with four baby turtles fell into the sewer and shattered , leaving them to crawl around in some radioactive ooze that was coming out of a nearby cannister that also fell down there . so , when a rat from japan ( whose owner had recently been killed after moving to america , leaving him to crawl through the sewer ) comes across the turtles and decides to take care of them , it gets some ooze on himself , too , and of course , they all grow and become intelligent . the rat teaches the turtles the martial arts and he saw his previous master practice so many times before , and gives them all names of renaissance artists : lenardo , raphael , michaelangelo , and donatello . oh , and the rat's named splinter . i don't know why . in the course of this movie , they also become friends with a judith hoag who plays the new reporter april o'neil , and with another avenger of justice , who happens to have a fetish for sports equipment , named casey jones . that's elias koteas . and of course , there happens to be this huge crime wave sweeping new york , crimes committed by the japanese foot clan , which is led by the mysterious man known as the shredder ( james saito , voiced by david mccharen ) . who's gonna stop this ? i'll give you three guesses , and the first two don't count . this whole thing sounds like a bad troma ( tm ) film , but it turns out to be pretty fun . the turtles all have discernable personalities , and they're fun ones at that . they tend to make a lot of jokes , and just about all of the wisecracks hit home . it's not just a bunch of now-old-news pop culture references , as i remember the third film being chock-full of . this is stuff that could actually still seem funny years from now . koteas makes a memorable role himself here , if not an entirely fulfilling one - he could've used more screen time . hoag is also good in her part , doing a fine job at portraying the disbelieving friend of the large reptiles . but the real stars here are the turtles , and rightfully so . the technical expertise on display in the turtles' ( and splinter's ) suits is still impressive now , eight years later . the facial expressions they get out of these animatronic outfits are amazing . to this day , the only thing to top this or come close would be the mangalores in the fifth element . this was all done thanks to jim henson's workshop of puppeteers . henson died two months after this film was released . though his family and many others still work to make his legacy live on , this movie is just another reason why he will be missed . another great thing about this show ? it's so damn loyal its roots . the original ( four ? ) issues of eastman and laird's dark teenage mutant ninja turtles comic book are replicated pretty faithfully by the movie's plot - now there's something you don't see very often in comic films today . this sure kicks the pants off of a comic-based movie like batman & robin . sure , the blood is gone , and there's more humor - and the turtles wear different colored masks - but otherwise , this follows that original series nicely down to the big finish . so go on , don't be afraid , i don't care how old you are - if you have the time , check out teenage mutant ninja turtles . you might want to avoid the sequels unless you really love the turtles . incidentally , what was with tatsu's ( toshirô obata , voiced by michael mcconnohie ) funky hand signals when he said " go , play " to that one kid in the warehouse ? that just killed me . unintentional comedy there , i'd say . if you can never watch any film with such a premise , refuse to accept it , or just hate these turtles , then you can drop my rating down about 1/2 a star or maybe a full star . if you're a huge turtle fan ( i don't think there's any of those left . . . hello ? hello out there ? ) then you can add on another 1/2 star . but if you're like me , and you're in the mood for a weird , fun time . . . 
wilde ( uk , 1997 ) 1/3 directed by brian gilbert . written by julian mitchell , from the book " oscar wilde " by richard ellmann . photography , martin fuhrer . editing , michael bradsell . production design , maria djurkovic . music , debbie wiseman ; produced by marc samuelson & peter samuelson . cast : stephen fry ( oscar wilde ) , jude law ( lord alfred douglas ) , vanessa redgrave ( lady speranza wilde ) , jennifer ehle ( constance wilde ) , gemma jones ( lady queensberry ) , judy parfitt ( lady mount-temple ) , michael sheen ( robert ross ) , zoe wanamaker ( ada leverson ) , tom wilkinson ( the marquess of queensberry ) . a sony classics release . 116 minutes . r ( sex , full rear male nudity ) because i take for granted that oscar wilde the writer , the man and his wit are familiar to the film's potential public , i will not go into a general intro . wilde's homosexuality ( a crime under english law until the late 1960s ) , his famous affair with lord alfred douglas , and the ensuing trials that finished off poor oscar , have made him a " cause celebre " --if i am not mistaken , the first of that nature in modern history . understandably , all this has made of wilde a patron saint of gay artists . among the many cinema genres , few can be as difficult and as vulnerable to criticism as the biographical picture . biopics are compromises . to relate a life -- or part of one -- and remain faithful to history in two hours of film is an impossibility , one that is even nastier than screen adaptations of major novels . condensations , simplifications , selected episodes are unavoidable . a case in point is the set of biopics directed by william dieterle in the 1930s and early 1940s . they were all reverent works on major figures : louis pasteur ( with paul muni , oscared ) , florence nightingale , emile zola ( best picture 1937 , also with muni ) , juarez ( with muni ) , reuter ( with e . g . robinson ) , dr . erlich ( robinson ) well-made , using major actors in both main and supporting roles , these works were big popular hits in their time . but today , with audiences and critics , movies in that style would get a much more cautious reception . even the sacrosanct epic " napoleon " ( 1927 , by abel gance ) might be --but is not-- faulted for historical inaccuracies . dieterle and his likes represented the old school of biopics . after a transition period ( e . g . wilson , the desert fox , viva zapata ) came the new school , in which no two of the better films followed the same strategy . creative and unconventional treatments days were given so such masterful works as --and i cite a few pell-mell --raging bull , van gogh , chaplin , joe hill , lenny , lawrence of arabia , malcolm x , tous les matins du monde , vincent and theo , stevie , camille claudel , rosa luxemburg , hanussen , an angel at my table , ed wood . . . although wilde , was not an easy item to tackle , it acquits itself honorably . there must have been good rapport between director and writer . brian gilbert , who made the funny , witty vice versa , the underrated not without my daughter , then tom and viv , opted here for a masterpiece theatre/ivory-merchant style , unrevolutionary but fitting the subject . versatile novelist-playwright julian mitchell is the author of many scenarios , including those of arabesque , another country , vincent and theo , august ( the directorial debut of anthony hopkins ) -- not to mention nine episodes of that civilized delight , the inspector morse tv series . mitchell had already worked on another gay theme i know of , in his prize-winning stage-play another country which is about 1930s students public-school students for whom homosexuality was trendy . years later , as in the notorious guy burgess and donald maclean case , several government officials were found spying for the soviet union . a very good film was made of this . it starred rupert everett . the script was by mitchell . for the current movie --the third about wilde-- mitchell based his scenario on the admirable biography by richard ellmann . the great scholar and critic finished this long labor of love as he was dying of lou gehrig' s disease . he died in march 1987 . the book appeared in early 1988 . there is no way for a film script to reconstruct a 680-page volume . the scenario wisely opted for selective choices and inspirations . it is faithful to ellmann's belief that wilde was as original and major a writer , and a cultural influence , as he was a man who invented his own public persona , as wit , esthete , dandy , poseur , society lion and , among much else , a sly critic of the middle and upper classes of england , the very people who were the butt of wilde's plays yet applauded them . the film does not go into wilde's irish and english past and upbringing . it plunges right away into an already established oscar who marries constance . his wife , in older parlance " gave him two boys " . robert ross , a younger houseguest , reveals to wilde that he ( oscar ) is really a homosexual . a relationship starts between the two . it is followed by others , culminates in the love affair between wilde and handsome , some 20 years younger lord alfred douglas ( " bosie " ) . it's a bizarre affair . oscar's love is steadfast , while the capricious , self-spoiled bosie blows hot and cold , introduces oscar to lower class people , often insults , hurts , exploits , taunts him and is despicable . he flaunts their couple in public , also taunts his father . the latter , played by tom wilkinson --who has a very different role in the full monty-- is here the wealthy marquess of queensberry , a crude , rude , violent sportsman whom bosie hates . ( he is the same lord queensberry after whom the basic codes for boxing were named , although another sportsman wrote them ) . delightful is the movie's inclusion of some aspects of wilde's enormously growing fame as a playwright , plus much wildean humor , wit , and the expected wildean thoughts and epigrams . but concurrently as well as exponentially , we see the sadness of the man's public and private life , the unavoidable troubles and scandals . the tragedy , latent throughout the writer's life , now springs out of the closet . it becomes all the more painful to watch since wilde is a most likable fellow , generous to a fault , and never really inflicting harm or hurt on others . actor stephen fry is an uncanny match for wilde . he even looks like him , though taller , less rotund , and with a face not so soft as in the photographs of wilde . fry , also a writer and a wit , temperamental , unpredictable , rather sweet , openly gay , is a rare case of perfect casting . superior too is the casting of lord alfred douglas and that of robert ross . robbie remains through thick and thin oscar's true friend and helper , and the voice of reason . because we know how everything comes out , the earlier and/or some lighter scenes are made suspenseful as we wait for the axe to fall . and we wish that the so-smart oscar had not been so dumb as to be prodded by bosie into initiating that terrible libel suit against queensberry . if there was a time when " don't ask , don't tell " was the best possible advice , it was in victorian days . 
dreamworks skg / 1 : 37 / 1997 / pg ( language , slapstick violence , comic sensuality ) cast : nathan lane ; lee evans ; christopher walken ; vicki lewis ; eric christmas ; maury chaykin ; william hickey director : gore verbinski screenplay : adam rifkin mickey mouse had better watch his back -- there's a new critter in town , and he's the nameless animal attraction of " mouse hunt , " dreamworks skg's clever first foray into family fare . although it runs out of steam towards its end , this live-action comedy still boasts enough energized slapstick and inventive set pieces to best disney's entire 1997 non-animated , kiddie-oriented catalog . . . but consider that list includes dismal tripe like " air bud , " " flubber " and " that darn cat , " and it's really not such a difficult feat to pull off . still , throw the two rodents in a boxing arena , and i'll be hoping that the mouse from " mouse hunt " knocks some sense back into mickey . nathan lane ( robin williams' significant other from " the birdcage " ) and lee evans ( last seen as a nervous bellhop in " the fifth element " ) play ernie and lars smuntz , befuddled brothers who have just inherited two unwanted assets from their late father ( william hickey , in his last role ) -- a dilapidated old string factory and a dilapidated old mansion . although lars made a deathbed promise to upkeep the former , he and ernie decide to sell the latter for big bucks after learning it was designed by a famed architect . but there's a lone obstacle in their way -- a single mouse lives within the walls of the house , and he's not about to give up his place of residence without a fight . movies aimed at young audiences are rarely this visually exquisite . the effects blending the talents of 60-some live mice , one animatronic mouse and one computer-generated mouse are pretty seamless . the splendid production design seems to be straight out of tim burton's mind ; the smuntz's architecturally-unsound mansion is like something straight out of " the nightmare before christmas , " and the vortex of bizarre machinery in their factory resembles some of vincent price's warped contraptions from " edward scissorhands . " " mouse hunt " is a pretty dark movie -- even some of the humor can be grim -- but it's hardly ever mean-spirited . the star of the show is neither the top-billed lane nor the titular mouse . it's lanky british comedian evans , whose hysterical bodily antics suggest a cleaned-up jim carrey without the obnoxious overkill ( note a toned-down but nonetheless outrageous impromptu striptease ) ; evans' banter with the ever-affable lane is funny stuff , too , and holds its own against the movie's more flashy physical shtick . vicki lewis ( beth from " newsradio " ) is solid in a supporting role as lars' money-grubbing wife . and in a nifty bit of novelty casting , christopher walken is a macabre delight as a spooky exterminator who takes his job a little too seriously , popping a dropping into his mouth and noting to his tape recorder that the mouse has a " calcium deficiency . " blech . a basically one-joke idea -- a mouse outsmarts a couple of bumbling humans -- is given a rather engaging execution . their sparring is imaginatively realized ( i don't think i'll ever forget the sight of that tiny little mouse making his getaway on a rolling wheel of gouda ) , and although you really never fully root for either side , that's okay -- a warm-and-fuzzy union between the two parties is practically promised from the first frame they share . " mouse hunt " may take a while to get going ( the rather lengthy set-up could test the patience of some of the younger children , although i rather liked it , much in part to lane and evans ) , and the climactic sequence is allowed to play out for a bit too long , but this appears to be one family movie that most members of the family will be able to find agreeable , not unlike the original " home alone . " © 1997 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ 
director : marshall herskovitz || screenplay : jeannine dominy ( based on the book " the honest courtesan " by margaret rosenthal ) || stars : catherine mccormack ( veronica franco ) , rufus sewell ( marco venier ) , jacqueline bisset ( paola franco ) , oliver platt ( maffio venier ) , moira kelly ( beatrice venier ) , fred ward ( domenico venier ) , naomi watts ( guila de lezze ) , jeroen krabbé ( pietro venier ) , joanna cassidy ( laura venier ) , daniel lapaine ( serafino franco ) , jake weber ( king henry ) || mpaa rating : r || review : eauty " is a really nothing more than a grandiose soap opera set in venice circa 1583 . it is beautifully filmed , wonderfully acted , and certainly nothing short of entertaining , but it lacks any true fundamental seriousness . dealing with themes of forbidden love , religious intolerance , subordination of women , sexual freedom , and the roles of pleasure and sin in a high-cultured society , it still feels like brightly lit fluff . the director , marshall herskovitz , doesn't want to follow the dark and dangerous trail this story could lead down , so he opts for a more genial , livelier , and relatively shallow interpretation . the film takes place during the renaissance , a time when venice was the pleasure capital of europe . at this time , venice was its own republic , and it thrived on being the central juncture of east-west commerce . the film is told almost entirely through the viewpoint of the aristocracy and the bourgeoisie of venice , so we rarely get to see how the rest of the society lived . however , there is an abundance of detail concerning the lives and livelihoods of the upper classes , their hedonistic lifestyles and constant merriment . the story centers on veronica franco ( catherine mccormack ) , a lower class woman who falls in love with marco venier ( rufus sewell ) , the son of wealthy aristocratic parents ( jeroen krabbé and joanna cassidy ) . unfortunately , the culture of that time period did not view marriage as an act of love -- rather , it was more like a business transaction , where rich families married their sons and daughters to each other in order to secure power , wealth , and ensure that outsiders couldn't get in . veronica , despite her charm and good looks , is certainly an outsider . after a short love affair , marco breaks her heart with the news that he cannot marry her . however , because she is beautiful and intelligent , veronica has a chance to enter marco's world , albeit not as his wife . she decides to become a courtesan -- a class of women who were as well-educated as they were ravishing , and sold their sexuality to wealthy men for the privilege of wining and dining with the elite . a courtesan was not a mere prostitute ; they were afforded a special place in society , and they were greatly revered , respected , and often envied . at one point , a character mentions that some rulers obtain more political advice from their courtesans than from their lieutenants . veronica goes through the transformation with the help of her mother , paola ( jacqueline bisset ) , who was once a famed courtesan herself . once she enters the lifestyle , veronica finds that it suits her quite well . she is allowed to read all the books she wants , she is given the opportunity to publish her poetry , and she has the richest and most powerful men in the republic throwing themselves at her feet , including the awestruck marco . their relationship develops into a playful bantering , with veronica utilizing her newfound power by constantly rejecting marco's advances . in many ways , their relationship is sad because marco is married to a women he is unable to love , and veronica is consumed by multiple relationships with men she is unwilling to love . " love the love , not the man , " as her mother told her . " dangerous beauty , " which was based on a factual book by margaret rosenthal , flows along as smoothly and serenely as the grand canal running through the heart of venice . it has multiple plot lines -- including veronica's adversarial relationship with a court poet ( oliver platt ) , her role in obtaining france's military assistance in venice's battle against the turks , and even the dreaded shadow of the plague and the encroachment of the spanish inquisition -- yet it is never confusing or overbearing . much of the film's success is due to the glowing performance by catherine mccormack in the lead role . known chiefly for the small part she played as the lover whose murder raised mel gibson's ire in " braveheart " ( 1995 ) , mccormack shows the true gifts and inarguable talent of a leading lady . she has the kind of exquisite classical beauty that would be treasured in a courtesan ; her character is intelligent , witty , and both sensual and vulnerable , all of which mccormack easily transmits with a single flash of her eyes . the rest of the roles are also filled well , including rufus sewell whose performance here and earlier this month in " dark city " have assured him a solid place in hollywood . he has the same kind of unusual good looks and charm of ray liotta , and he seems perfectly at home in period dramas . oliver platt plays a variation of the comic relief role that he has come to inhabit like a second skin , although the film deals his character a cheap blow at the end by having him improbably join the inquisition and turn into the bad guy . platt is a good actor , but he's just too hard to hate . jacqueline bisset proves that she is every bit as stirring as she ever was , and even fred ward turns up in a small , but moving performance as marco's uncle . " dangerous beauty " is marshall herskovitz's sophomore directorial effort , after the overlooked 1993 film " jack the bear . " partnered with edward zwick , herskovitz has spent most of his time as a producer on television ( " thirtysomething , " " my so-called life " ) and in the movies ( " legends of the fall " ) . his directing style can be best described as transparent -- it never gets in the way of the story , yet it has no discernible flourish or particular distinctions . he could have approached the film in any number of ways , including overdosing on the sexual aspect , which he wisely avoids . " dangerous beauty " contains just enough bare flesh and ribald sex to make it appropriately erotic , but not so much that it seems exploitative . herskovitz is also aided by a strong supporting crew , including the luscious photography by bojan bazelli , whose previous efforts include the highly-stylized thriller " kalifornia " ( 1993 ) and abel ferrara's dark sci-fi film " body snatchers " ( 1994 ) . bazelli captures the film in strong , bold colors , and be brings sixteenth-century venice to life in wide , panoramic shots that are often enhanced with digital imagery . however , the real details are found in the production design by norman garwood ( " brazil , " " the princess bride " ) and the costumes by gabriella pescucci ( " the age of innocence " ) . the only problem with " dangerous beauty " is that it doesn't stick with you . it's a good story well-told with interesting characters , but it's easy to shrug off once you've left the theater . the only sequence that has the chance to be truly indelible is veronica being pulled in front of the hypocrisy of the inquisition and threatened with the death penalty for her transgressions , but it never quite comes off because it's simply too melodramatic and conventional . herskovitz tries with all his might to make it a nailbiter , but somehow its outcome is a foregone conclusion , and like the rest of the film , it carries no real weight , despite the potential severity of the subject matter . 
director : melvin van peebles || screenplay : melvin van peebles || stars : melvin van peebles ( sweetback ) , simon chuckster ( beetle ) , hubert scales ( mu-mu ) , john dullaghan ( commissioner ) , rhetta hughes ( old girl friend ) , mario van peebles ( young sweetback ) , john amos ( motorcycle guy ) || mpaa rating : x melvin van peebles' " sweet sweetback's baadasssss song " was a watershed moment in the history of american cinema and the black movement . it was released less than a decade after the civil rights movement had begun and almost twenty years before the rodney king incident . its violent and highly sexualized revenge tale of a macho black hustler fighting back against white oppression and winning was something that had never been seen on an american movie screen before . in style , content , and how it was conceived and produced , " sweet sweetback " was a cinematic revolution , whether or not one agrees with its subject matter . van peebles , a black american who first gained recognition by writing novels in france , built " sweet sweetback " from the ground up almost entirely by himself . because no studio would dare fund such a film , he was forced to raise all the money himself . the movie ended up costing about $500 , 000 , part of which was put up by none other than bill cosby . van peebles cut costs by hiring non-union labor and taking on most of the film's responsibilities himself . he wrote the script , scored the music , edited and directed the film , as well as starred in the central role . he was also a brilliant entrepreneur who always found a way to make an extra buck . for instance , when the mppa slapped the film with a dreaded x-rating , van peebles not only threatened to bring a lawsuit against jack valenti and the mpaa , but he also developed a little marketing scheme : he coined the phrases " rated x by an all-white jury , " which he put on the movie posters to help advertise the film . he also printed the phrase on tee-shirts which he had no problem selling . the storyline in " sweet sweetback " is deceptively simple . it takes place in los angeles , and van peebles stars as the title character , a tough male hustler of few words who grew up in a brothel , and makes money by doing what he does best : having sex . one day , he agrees to go with a couple of amiable white cops down to the station to make it look like they're bringing in suspects on a politically-charged case involving murder . however , on the way to the station the cops arrest a young black revolutionary named mu-mu ( hubert scales ) , who they proceed to beat viciously . acting out of complete impulse rather than political motivation , sweetback fights back and beats the cops to the brink of death . the rest of the film follows sweetback as he evades the cops on his way to eventual escape in mexico . although the repetition of watching sweetback run gets a little old by the end of the film , this plot allows van peebles' camera to roam the darker side of l . a . - the ghettos , alleys , and back-street whorehouses that other films had always overlooked . van peebles' entire point in making the movie was to secure on celluloid a vision of the black experience in america that other filmmakers had ignored . at the beginning of " sweet sweetback , " he offers this epigraph , which is a traditional prologue used in medieval times when a messenger brought bad news : " sire , these lines are not an homage to brutality that the artist has invented , but a hymn from the mouth of reality . . . " van peebles wanted to make sure that his vision was one of reality , not of exaggeration . of course , with today's abundance of rap and hip hop music that sings the same ode to black inner-city life , as well as films by spike lee , john singleton , and the hughes brothers , " sweet sweetback " doesn't seem all that revolutionary . it is important to remember that this film must be viewed in the context and time period in which it was made . at that time , " sweet sweetback " was so controversial that only two theaters in the entire united states would play it . distributors were petrified of a film that , in van peebles' words , gave the black audience " a chance to see some of their own fantasies acted out - about rising out of the mud and kicking ass . " of course , once it caught on , it caught on big . " sweet sweetback " is now considered to be the film that kicked off the blaxploitation era , although van peebles disassociates " sweetback " from other movies like " shaft " ( 1972 ) and " the mack " ( 1973 ) , because those were financed by big hollywood studios . " sweet sweetback " is also the only film deemed mandatory viewing by the black panthers . however , even if when viewed from an african-american perspective , " sweet sweetback " is certainly not without its controversies . when it was first released , an article was published in " ebony " magazine denouncing the film , while at the same time the black panthers used an entire newsletter to praise it . there have been arguments that the victory for sweetback is really no victory at all - beating cops and then running away to mexico is nothing to be proud of . others have pointed out that sweetback has little to say throughout the film ; he has no political motivations , and therefore the violence and havoc he wreaks is not rooted in fundamental beliefs , but in personal and selfish motives . still others point to the cliché black potency that stereotypes sweetback as being good at nothing but having sex , illustrated in a scene where he gains the respect of a white biker group by bringing their female leader to orgasm . nevertheless , a movie like " sweet sweetback " cannot be made without conflicting points of view . it is a revolutionary movie not because it's about one man's defiance , but because it put front-and-center black issues that had never been dealt with before . until that point , american cinema was an almost exclusively white domain , and with the exception of sidney poitier , all black actors were relegated to specifically black roles that were important only in relation to whites . the fact that " sweet sweetback " was a movie by black about blacks , was something new ( in the opening credits , van peebles lists the starring actors as simply " the black community " ) . van peebles tells an interesting story that goes a long way toward defining the difference between " sweet sweetback " and all movies that had come before it . when the movie first opened , he saw it in a theater next to an older woman . near the end of the film , when sweetback is wounded by the police and stumbling through the southern california desert , she kept saying to herself , " oh lord , let him die . don't let them kill him . let him die on his own . " it was so ingrained in her mind that death was imminent for any african-american in a movie who rebelled against white authority , that she couldn't even conceive of the possibility that the film might end with his successful escape . and , of course , sweetback does escape , and the screen fills with the message : " watch out ! a baad asssss nigger is coming back to collect some dues . " beyond the political aspects , " sweet sweetback " is an entertaining picture , which van peebles always intended it to be . he squeezed every drop out of his limited budget , and produced a film that , although dated now , was technically fantastic at the time . he shot in rough , documentary-like fashion , while also utilizing almost every visual and aural trick his technology would allow him . he makes good use of older techniques like split screens , freeze frames , reversed color schemes , and overlapping images . the only time the film ever looks bad is during the night sequences , because van peebles simply did not have the needed equipment . watching " sweet sweetback " more than twenty-five years after its initial release , one realizes that it still has bite . arguments can be made that race relations in the united states have made quantum leaps since the early seventies , but there are still problems that are reflected in this film . but there is more to the film than its racial aspect . the legacy of " sweet sweetback's baadasssss song " is not only the plentiful amount of art and music told from the african-american perspective , but more importantly , the work of every artist who has fought to fund and produce that which is important to him . 
cast : matthew mcconaughey , bill paxton , harvey keitel , jon bon jovi , jake weber , david keith , jack noseworthy written by : jonathan mostow , sam montgomery and david ayer directed by : jonathan mostow running time : 118 minutes the " submarine " genre of movies seems to be one of the most intriguing and compelling types of storytelling there is . think about it . . . these films are completely based in reality , yet only a handful of people have ever been on one , making them fascinating to the general public . they aren't like movies that take place on a plane or a train , as anybody can get on one of those . and they aren't like movies that happen in outer space either , because no one's done any of that stuff yet . when a new one comes out , you don't hear anyone say " ugh , another submarine movie " like people tend to say " ugh , another boxing movie " . look at modern movies that involve submarines : das boot , the abyss , the hunt for red october , crimson tide . . . all are well regarded as top-notch entertainment . gladly joining that bunch is u-571 , which stars matthew mcconaughey as the executive officer of a u . s . naval submarine during world war ii . we learn he has been denied a recommendation for his own command by his superior ( bill paxton ) . mcconaughey's crew then receives orders that they will be boarding a disabled german submarine to steal the enigma , a german communications encoding device that has stumped allied intelligence . the mission goes horribly wrong however , and as a result , mcconaughey and only a handful of his crew ( as well as a captured german ) become trapped aboard the u-571 in enemy waters . the first great thing about u-571 is the film's opening sequence . the german crew of u-571 are under attack , which sets the events of the rest of the film into motion . it's tense , exciting and fascinating . and i applaud the filmmakers for not copping out and instead keeping the entire sequence in german with english subtitles . most movies with a scene this long would have panicked and had the german crew speaking english right away . once the plot gets moving , u-571 gives us action sequence after action sequence , making the audience wonder " ok , now how do they get out of this ? " . the stakes keep raising ( much like in executive decision , an excellent action-thriller ) , and even though the audience knows how the film will end , it's a lot of fun getting there . i only have two minor complaints about the entire film . the first comes from the scenes which follow the opening sequence . while their purpose is to introduce us to the characters and to get the story going ( which they do ) , i feel as though it could have been done much quicker , and less conventionally . i mean , did we really have to see the ship's crew at a wedding ? because of that , you now know exactly what's going to happen to the groom ! my other gripe would be during the film's finale . there's an explosion which ends the film that is one of the weakest looking cgi effects since the president's plane crashed into the ocean at the end of air force one . i cannot stress this enough . . . until a cgi effect can be made to look like a model effect , stick with using models . yes , u-571 is historically incorrect and there are surely some specifics in the plot that people who have been onboard a submarine will tell you " that couldn't happen " , but the overall point of this film is entertainment . it succeeds fantastically . [pg-13] reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
steven spielberg's " amistad , " which is based on the true story of a group of africans who revolted on board a slave ship , then were captured and taken to america where a legal dispute ensued over who " owned " them , is concerned with several different aspects of this story . first , the film addresses the issue of the inherent evils of slavery . second , it deals with the historical involvement of several american politicians in the case , including president martin van buren and former president john quincy adams ( anthony hopkins ) . last , and most importantly , it examines the cultural confusion experienced by the africans who were forced into slavery and the damage done to their native culture in africa by the slave trade . " amistad " succeeds at least partly with all three of these elements . i have to admit that i was a little skeptical as to how much i could really get out of another " anti-slavery " movie . having seen several other movies and documentaries about slavery , i doubted that there was much i didn't already know about it . fortunately , i turned out to be wrong . for one thing , spielberg's camera never once gets near a southern plantation and instead sticks to the slave ships and the slave traders' operations in africa , so " amistad " was dealing with a different part of the history of slavery from the very beginning . and some of the images here are , in fact , much more harrowing than what we usually see in movies about slavery . one scene in the middle , in which the crew of a slave ship dispose of some of their " excess " slaves by throwing them overboard to drown , has to be one of the most disturbing film images of the year . spielberg digs farther into the evils of slavery than i was expecting he would , and in fact he probably goes about as far as a movie director can without getting an nc-17 rating . the stark suffering of the africans is contrasted sharply with the shallow luxury of the politicians , such as president van buren and queen isabella of spain , whose naval officers were involved in the legal dispute and who was only a small child at the time . exposing politicians as narrow-minded , opportunistic hypocrites is fairly standard stuff , of course , but spielberg and writer david franzoni do it well enough that it still comes off as something more than just a simple exercise in audience manipulation . the film also examines the contentious nature of the slavery issue at the time , such that john quincy adams ( and probably other politicians like him ) , who clearly disapproved of the practice , was reluctant to get involved in the case until it was appealed all the way to the supreme court . the biggest success of " amistad " is probably the characterization of cinque ( djimon hounsou ) , who emerges as the de facto leader of the kidnapped africans and struggles to communicate with baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) , the lawyer who represents them in court . through cinque , we are given a window into the native culture , as he and the displaced africans try to explain to the prison guards what they need for a proper burial of a dead tribe member , or find an illustrated version of the bible and try to understand the story of jesus christ . cinque sees the dispute with a clarity and simplicity that , again , contrasts with the technicalities and mechanics of the legal process and of the political squabbles . " what kind of country is this , where laws 'almost' work ? " he asks baldwin in bewilderment , when he learns that the case must be re-tried before the supreme court . spielberg's direction tends a little bit towards the manipulative side at times , such as when he adds a heavy orchestral swell to cinque's angry outburst in the court room . still , there isn't enough of this for it to be a serious problem . the main flaw in this film , which prevents it from earning four stars , is that it seems like spielberg and franzoni can't quite handle all of these issues at the same time , so instead they settle for addressing each one separately and simply editing the results into the same movie . this summer's contact , for example , dealt with several issues at once , but each of them was somehow present in almost every scene and , most importantly , all of them were resolved at once . " amistad " tries to pull it all together in the end with a speech from adams , but it somehow feels a little forced , and in any case the speech itself , which lasts almost fifteen minutes , wears out its welcome about halfway through . perhaps the best way to describe it is this : " amistad " is three four star films edited into one . almost every individual scene works , but the final product is lacking the necessary focus and coherence , and thus is less than the sum of its parts . however , i can't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus i recommend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery . 
 1999 , r , 103 minutes [1 hour , 43 minutes]starring : sarah polley ( ronna ) , desmond askew ( simon ) , jay mohr ( zack ) , scott wolf ( adam ) ; written by john august ; produced by matt freeman , mickey liddell , paul rosenberg ; directed by doug liman . seen april 16 , 1999 at 10 p . m . at crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland , n . y . ) , theater #15 , by myself for free using my hoyts' critic's pass . [theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good seats , sound and picture] do you realize that every time you encounter a new person you've just become part of a story ? everyone has their own life story , both past and present , and every time two or more interact , they become part of each others' story ( not necessarily an important or even significant part , but a part nevertheless ) . that seems to be the basic theory behind `go , ' where several characters' chance encounters all effect each other in extreme ways . in order to test this theory screenwriter john august and director doug liman assemble a cast of characters that wouldn't usually be the types to have an entire film revolve around them , such as a teenage supermarket cashier , a bottom-of-the-drug-food-chain dealer and two struggling soap opera actors . these types of characters might not sound all that original , but consider that they will all be somehow effected by a strip club bouncer and his psychotic father , a mid-level drug dealer , a narc obsessed with multi-level-marketing , horny wedding guests , a zen lovemaker , two shrimp-scarfers and a cute normal teenage girl to round things out . how they will all come together is the process the film deals with . i'd imagine the concept to the film started out as the creators' testing themselves to see if they could actually pull it off and the outcome is a terrific achievement in filmmaking and the craft of fiction in general . the film starts out as anything else , with little indication of what's to come . we meet ronna ( polley ) , a depressed los angeles checkout girl who doesn't seem to have much desire to do anything except work just to pay her rent . she's not very charming , especially to her customers , but this is played mostly for laughs rather than characterization and it works . maybe this is because she's not a very afeminite character , but she's far from masculine - a creative character indeed . things start to progress when ronna reluctantly agrees to take the hours of the goofy , hyperactive , yet likable simon ( askew ) , an english teen into vices for the sake of the experiences . this agreement starts a three-pronged storyline as it allows simon to go to las vegas for the weekend with his friends and in turn drags ronna and her friends into buying and selling an experimental drug . the process of which will not only bring ronna close to being arrested but also to death . nearly the same can be said for two other characters , zack ( mohr ) and adam ( wolf ) , who we don't think much of when they first appear as supporting characters , but later will become major players to the film's makeup - another process used by the filmmakers to elaborate on the theory of how significant insignificant interaction might be . once the pace is picked up the film really begins to show its mettle . when the title screen `ronna' is flashed shortly after the aforementioned turning point scene , it's clear this film isn't going to employ the standard linear method of storytelling . considering how good it is up until that point , it's a long overdue change of pace needed in movies today . and so the film begins to take shape , first by following ronna and her friends on a one-night adventure that begins with a drug deal instigated by zack and adam ( who were actually looking for simon ) , which doesn't exactly go as planned , but that's what keeps it all so interesting . the second storyline starts at the same moment as ronna's story , but this time the camera chooses to follow simon instead . simon and his three friends head to ‘vegas for a night on the town and in the process experience things they never would have imagined . the third arc , about zack and adam , again overlaps with ronna's story telling much of the same story but from a completely different angle . we're shown things we never would have expected were going on while following ronna . and many of the events that do happen to ronna because of zack and adam aren't even their fault - they just happened to be where they were when they were . i'd really like to dissect each of the three storylines and especially how the film wraps up in the end , but that would take up too much time and space and spoil everything for those who haven't seen the film . perhaps the greatest element to the film is its constant surprises and unpredictability , and not due to plot twists or a confusing screenplay , just through great filmmaking . 
bob the happy bastard's quickie review : what's worse than y2k ? how about a fully digital future where nothing is real ? that's what computer programmer neo ( keanu reeves ) slowly learns as he enters the dangerous world that is the matrix , a movie directed by the wachowski brothers ( the guys behind the hip thriller bound ) . before you groan at the presence of reeves in the lead role , hold on . there's actually a story with depth here . it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say . neo ( reeves ) is pretty much a key player in this fight , although he really doesn't look it at first . could this amateur be " the one " as fisburne thinks he is ? credit the wachowskis for putting together a great story that allows suspense to build , something that few special effects-laden films seem to do these days . there's plenty of effects to go around , of course , but at least there's a backbone to build them on as well . reeves is surprisingly good in his role as neo , particularly in a fight scene with fishburne that comes across as goofy , yet great . i wish the villains weren't quite so " generic " ( leftover g-men from looking for a sweet sci-fi actioner with plenty of stop-motion swooping camera angles and , of course , a motherlode of a helicopter explosion . now the wachowskis are headed into horror films with their next project . bring it on . 
director : tony scott writer : david marconi starring : will smith , gene hackman , jon voight , regina king , loren dean , barry pepper , jack black , seth green , jamie kennedy , ian hart , lisa bonet , jake busey , scott caan , jason lee , stuart wilson , tom sizemore , gabriel byrne , james legros , jason robards , phil hawn , dan butler , philip baker hall with the sudden liberal emergence of personal privacy abounding in the news lately , what with that whole clinton thing going on ( you know , 100 million bucks to discover the president got boinked by an intern - oh , please , government , waste my taxes just a bit more , would you ? ) , it's about time tony scott helmed the newest action pic disguised as an important if not slightly ignorant social statement . with this and " crimson tide , " he's created two successfully chilly films that are interesting , exciting , even pretty smart , but never totally riveting as cinema , and the problem i think with each of these films is that each film is too obsessed with its message to ever be really satisfying , and too obsessed with looking all cutting edge to ever be totally smart . that film dealt with a civil war inside a nuclear submarine over whether or not to follow rules or question them , and was appropriately scary and all , but never totally thrilling or overly brilliant . " enemy of the state " is the same way : it's engrossing for its entire running time , and it's scary the way that it shows a man's decent into kafkaism , but it's too technical . it's too cold and not as fascinating or exciting as it could be . it casts will smith , one of the better big budget leading men in movies these days because he's charming and witty and never uninteresting , and hopes that his charisma can make up for his character not being well developed enough to really be a person . i hate to do this , but last year's film " the game " got it damn perfect : it casts michael douglas as a deeply flawed human being , a man who is cold and has cut off everyone from his life , and then pulls everything he thought he had as a security blanket away from him and watched what happened . the result was not only a film that was exciting and chilling , but also the best mindfuck of the entire year . not that i want every kafkaesque film to be " the game " ( this year's " the spanish prisoner " succeeds with less thrills and chills ) , but it should be an example of what works and what doesn't . will smith's character is , frankly , too perfect , at least too movie perfect . he had an affair with another woman ( lisa bonet , ha ha ) , but his relationship with his wife ( regina king ) is basically fine regardless . he has a kid , and he's raking in money as a lawyer , albeit a very good and reasonably moral one . so he generally doesn't have any real problems as a human being , and is therefore boring . . . except that he is played by will smith , who embodies him with about as much will smith charm as he can without entering " id4 " / " men in black " territory . he's a good dramatic actor ( just see the first half hour of " six degrees of separation " for proof of this , not that he isn't great the whole time ) , and here , he makes his character likable and sympathetic without any real strain on his character , which makes the film lack any real deep interesting qualities . smith becomes involved in a mass conspiracy involving the assasination of a senator opposed to a government law that would create world surveillance , extinguishing privacy as we know it from the world , under the pretense that it would make crime easier to control , when he is passed a disk of the event caught on tape by an outside party ( a nature observer played by , uh , jason lee ) . the government wants the disk , and is prepared to destroy his life to get it . as smith's plight is dramatized , we are introduced to the masterminds who surveillance him , sitting in vans disguised as other businesses , staring at computers and pulling out tricks faster than a speeding bullet . these guys ( played by jack black , jamie kennedy , and seth green ) are the most interesting part of this film because they're , well , fascinating : they're doing their jobs , which are evil , but the film doesn't view them as such , and they almost become our friends . we like these guys for the sole reason that the film doesn't automatically judge them as the villains . they're also scary because we get the idea that they're not fully aware of the impact their jobs have on the world . it's as if they're obsessed with their jobs , not because they're evil , but because , hey , it's a fun job , and no one else can do it like them . unfortunately , this also backfires a bit on the film : instead of being the flashlight in the darkened room that " the game " was , you see everything , and are thus not as freaked out because you know what is going on . sure , you're chilled , but you're not exacty freaked out by what's going on . but what do you expect from tony scott , the man who never met a five-second piece of film he ever liked . he's a not-bad director because , hell , he is always interesting to watch ( if not occasionally moronic - exhibit a : " days of thunder " ) , but the reason he's not great is because he's too technical and calculated . his shots are perfectly executed , and leave nothing to the imagination , and they're always making sure you're paying attention . this is incredibly annoying , and it reduces " enemy of the state " to a mechanical mishmash of flashy images that never expand the mind at any great depths , but still manage to entertain without any real problems . despite never actually becoming great , it's never actually boring and it's always intriguing . watching the government set-up smith is endlessly fascinating , and since we care about smith's likeable protagonist , we are set-up for a good two hours worth of tom clancy-esque entertainment . add the best big cast this side of the annual woody allen film ( everyone from gabriel byrne to dan butler pop up for cameos ) , and you've got a good old fashioned escapist drama which does all the thinking for you so that you never have to actually question the debate over personal privacy and so you can follow will smith's plight without a minute's worth of boredom . 
filled with a tantalizing air of suspense , with a friend like harry is an unusual yet well-balanced mix of dark comedy , french thriller , and surreal drama . as i was watching the film , i found myself groping for its message at each turn of the plot . its ultimate effect is comparable to claude chabrol's la cérémonie , which , with all its violence and commentary on class delineation . in with a friend like harry , two former schoolmates accidentally meet in a roadside bathroom . michel ( laurent lucas ) is on vacation with his wife claire ( mathilde seigner ) and their three little daughters . he is harried and haggard , far from enjoying this so-called vacation : an endless ride with whining and screaming kids in an un-air conditioned car . harry ( sergi lópez ) is everything michel is not : sleek and self-contained , he doesn't seem to be burdened by anything except good memories and a load of money . within minutes , harry invites himself and his girlfriend , a corpulent , springy bun named plum ( sophie guillemin ) , to michel's house -- to reminisce about the good old school days michel himself can barely remember . the success of harry is held in its odd combination of very real , down-to-earth elements combined with surreal devices , creating suspense , disbelief , and intrigue . the film plays skillfully with a common knowledge that there is always a potential danger in bringing an intruder into the family , no matter how stable this family is . at the table , harry recites michel's adolescent school poem with the unattractive title the dagger in the skin of plight , as well as an excerpt from a sci-fi novel called flying monkeys . leading a life of constant gratification , harry is convinced that all michel's problems -- lack of money and the desire to please other people -- have obscured michel's path toward fulfillment as a writer . quick and decisive , harry is a man of action , and his solutions are very concrete . it is nearly impossible to fathom the nature of harry's obsession with michel's early poem , which he remembers by heart . but , as the film progresses , it becomes obvious that harry expresses his obsession through crime . by the film's end , he is comparable to ripley from rene clement's purple noon ( and the american the talented mr . ripley ) , a sociopath with an insidious mind learning that he could get away with just about anything . however , harry is a hedonist and a misanthrope , but his enigma is never as refined as ripley's is . the film even treats him with a slight contempt : there is always something distasteful in harry's brisk arrogant walk , in his narrow unexpressive eyes . the music , with sinister ominous overtones , often diverts our attention by accentuating superfluous elements , such as the eggs harry likes to eat after having an orgasm or the vulgar pink wall pattern in the bathroom of michel's house . it creates a creepy and eerie effect , but , after a while , these devices become as predictable as harry's long list of solutions . the movie is not a weighty one , yet there is something in its tension and the way it feeds you its story that attracts you to it . the film seduces you into thinking that , at certain moments , you know where it's headed , and then you realize that you don't . acting is crucial to this film's success , and it is impeccable . michel and claire never get hysterical or grotesquely quarrelsome during their daily rituals . the core of their disorganized and turbulent family unit is established early in the film , and it's clear that no matter what sacrifices michel has had to make for his girls , he loves them without regret or resentment . there is an interesting comment , however , in the closing sequence of the film . just like at the beginning of the film , michel drives his family in the car , only now the car is a present from the magnanimous harry . in a splendid 4x4 sport utility vehicle , with air-conditioning full blast , the kids are content ; no more screaming , howling , or demands . michel smiles -- whatever price he has had to pay for getting rid of harry was well worth it . does the film suggest we all have a little of harry in us ? i think it does . whether it is a point worth making is another question altogether . aka harry , un ami qui vous veut du bien . 
before even seeing a single frame of the film , it would be easy to snicker at deep impact , in which a comet on a collision course with earth threatens the existence of all life on the planet . it is the latest entry in this decade's dubious revival of the '70s disaster film , and the first of two " the sky is falling " flicks to hit screens this year ( the other being this coming july's armageddon , in which a meteor is the threat ) . its tagline , " oceans rise . cities fall . hope survives " is not as cornball as that of the utterly ridiculous collapsing tunnel thriller daylight ( " they came in alone . . . the only way out . . . is together " ) , but it's every bit as treacly . the opening moments of deep impact offer more to snicker at . the cheesiness is not confined to the disaster movie conventions , such as the usual opening " roll call , " in which all the major characters and their personal problems are introduced . the most prominent of the " personal " stories is that of ambitious tv news reporter jenny lerner ( tea leoni ) , who is distraught that her father ( maximilian schell ) left her mother ( vanessa redgrave ) for a younger woman ( rya kihlstedt ) . what is just as snicker-worthy is how this co-venture between paramount and dreamworks skg aggressively pushes another high-profile corporate collaboration , microsoft and nbc's cable news network msnbc , which employs jenny , who is the film's ostensible main character . in the vision of america presented here , msnbc is the television news source of choice in every home , when in reality it only reaches a fraction of the country . the initial signs point toward something along the lines of a volcano or dante's peak , but there's one thing about deep impact i underestimated : the skills of director mimi leder . she won an emmy for her helming work on nbc's smash er , which is essentially a weekly disaster movie , each episode featuring a new set of guest stars with their own personal and medical crises . the challenge presented by this format to the director is twofold : ( 1 ) to make the audience care for these guest characters , regardless of how briefly seen or thinly written they are , and ( 2 ) powerfully tug at the emotions without being heavy-handed or overly melodramatic . having passed the " er challenge " in numerous episodes and showed a flair for creating suspense in the peacemaker , leder could not be a better fit to bring michael tolkin and bruce joel rubin's rather formulaic disaster screenplay to screen . as the countdown to impact progresses , the ominous feeling of doom is palpable , leading the final act to take on a surprisingly convincing and affecting emotional dimension . there's nothing here that will profoundly move anyone , but the fact that anything manages to touch the heart is high achievement in a genre generally more concerned with effects . situations that initially feel contrived , such as jenny's familial crisis and the teenage romance between sarah hotchner ( leelee sobieski ) and comet discoverer leo biederman ( elijah wood ) , achieve some poignance ; and even the more vaguely drawn characters , including u . s . president tom beck ( morgan freeman ) , astronaut spurgeon " fish " tanner ( robert duvall ) , and his rather faceless crew ( ron eldard , jon favreau , mary mccormack , blair underwood , and alexander baluyev ) aboard the comet-bombing spacecraft messiah , have their share of touching moments . the latter fact owes a debt to the actors , who all do a solid job and are well-cast , with the possible exception of leoni ; she delivers a decent performance , but her trademark unconventional speech rhythms and line delivery make her somewhat hard to buy as a star news broadcaster . although its catastrophic theme and impressive special effects work ( the giant ocean waves are particularly spectacular ) place deep impact in the same category as the likes of twister , it is the first of the '90s disaster films to successfully marry the advanced film technology with emotions that ring true--a film that makes a genuine impact , even if it isn't as deep as hoped . 
cast : tom everett scott ( guy patterson ) , liv tyler ( faye dolan ) , johnathon schaech ( james 'jimmy' mattingly ii ) , steve zahn ( lenny ) , ethan randall ( the bass player ) , tom hanks ( mr . white ) director : tom hanks certification : pg ( usa ) year of production : 1996 academy award nominations : best original song that thing you do ! , from first-time film director tom hanks , is an enjoyable tale about a fictional band , the wonders , that goes from a garage band to the band with the fastest selling album in the country . but , the question arrises , will the seduction of fame and fortune corrupt the band and lead them to become just another one-hit wonder , or will they stick together and become the next teen sensations ? the " oneders " , as they are originally known , have their first gig at a very small-time contest . jimmy , the lead singer , has written a catchy song and intends to play it at the contest . but , a short time before the contest begins , the current drummer becomes injured and a replacement is needed . enter guy patterson , skilled musician who currently works at his father's appliance store and is looking to break free from the restricting clutches that bind him . he seems to fit in well , until the group takes the stage . when they begin to play , guy's beat is much too fast and the pace is way off for the intended song . it looks as though the group is doomed to failure . but , the " new " song is a hit ! this leads to another gig , and soon enough , the group has an agent . he doesn't do too much for them , but they do get their song played on the radio . eventually , mr . white of playtone records approaches the group , and he informs them that they want to release a record . before you can say " billboard " , the band is now renamed " the wonders " and the members are speeding their way to fame . the gigs are getting better , their fame is increasing , and they have the fastest selling album in playtone records history . the band is invited to appear in a feature film , and , they then fly out to hollywood to appear on television . after the appearance on television , things start to fall apart . two of the members of the band pretty much disappear , and things are not working out well between jimmy and guy . will the band work it out , or will they split up and go on their own separate journeys towards success ? that thing you do ! , complete with a nifty original song that actually sounded authentic , is a fun and enjoyable movie that , although it doesn't become clear if it wants to be a comedy , drama , or romance , is a well-made look into the world of music . tom hanks' directorial debut was a good one and should lead to more work for him . 
frantic ( france-usa , 1988 )  directed by roman polanski . written by polanski and gerard brach . cinematography , witold sobocinski . editing , sam o'steen . production design , pierre guffroy . music , ennio morricone . produced by thom mount and tim hampton . cast : harrison ford , emmanuelle seigner , john mahoney , betty buckley , jimmie ray weeks , yorgo voyagis , david huddleston , gerard klein , et al . a warners release . 120 minutes . rated r . from its first shots , frantic generates and keeps up such terrific suspense that it makes most ( if not all ) other thrillers of the 80s taste like porridge . the suspense is deliberate , slow , stretched out in an utterly commonplace atmosphere --and it is exceptionally effective . san francisco doctor walker ( harrison ford ) arrives in paris , with his wife sondra ( betty buckley , ) for a medical convention , with a bit of tax-exempt sightseeing on the side and a second honeymoon away from the kids . they are exhausted by the long trip and jet-lag . on the " peripherique " -- the belt-road around paris-- their taxi has a flat . even this red herring happening carries suspense . they later totter into the grand hotel . the bleary-eyed couple of generic american tourists are dutifully determined to start their stay with croissants and a roll in bed . but bed and breakfast are not to be . while ford is showering noisily , with gleeful anticipation of things to come , the phone rings and his wife answers . when the man steps out of the shower , the lady has vanished . you' re made to feel all along that something ominous is going to happen , but since you don't know what this might be , every moment , object and tiny event is laden with suspense . director polanski has assimilated better than any other filmmaker the techniques of alfred hitchcock , where the most common thing could be uncommon , where the blandest face could become sinister , where the extraordinary lies within the ordinary . later , polanski also pays additional , discreet homage to the master in ways that hitchcockians will spot -- from the ironic use of the statue of liberty to a rooftop scene . but there's a difference in attitudes . hitchcock mocks gently both his principals and their entourage , while polanski practices a restrained irony only on the surrounding people and places . he is entirely serious about his protagonist harrison ford . tension mounts unrelentingly as ford goes from puzzlement to questions in the lobby , from fruitless inquiries on the spot to the police station , then to the us . embassy . finally he is forced to embark on his own , desperate , frantic search . every imaginable frustration stands in his way , and every stumbling- block is genuine and observed with sardonic precision --even black humor -- by the script and its execution . ford speaks no french and is at the mercy of the good will of interpreters . the hotel personnel is amiable but skeptical : wives have been known to fly the coop -- not a big deal in france . the familiar quirks and annoyances of daily life in paris add to the difficulties --like people on the phone who don't want to be disturbed and hang up . complicating ford's miseries are the peculiar , private and official gallic attitudes toward any problem . compounding this are their specific attitudes toward americans , whom they see as un-cartesian , unsophisticated simpletons . underlying that is the familiar , slightly sadistic pleasure ( which the entire planet shares ) in getting back at the yanks who have had it so good for so long . let the americans stew . the cops treat ford with haughty superiority . the american embassy people -- once the breathless ford has run through the gauntlet of security measures-- are cold , indifferent and unhelpful . the doctor is on his own , in a paris shown with superb calculation and naturalness , neither as gay paree nor as an artificially sinister metropolis . against all odds , ford --who ought to be distracted to perdition with worry -- somehow keeps his wits . taking his main clue from a wrong suitcase , the harassed , dead-tired husband doggedly follows it and becomes involved in a nightmarish investigation . it leads him to odd but very real places , and to fringe people . among them stands out a black-leather young woman , michelle ( emmanuelle seigner ) . she's sexy , with long legs that polanski's camera caresses with low-angle shots , but ford does not . the film is smart . it gives you some of the conventions of " film noir " but it does not get into all-out cliches . the girl 's erotic presence is palpable ( her dancing is like vertical copulation ) , but this is not used as a distraction or a love interest . keeping up mercilessly the suspense of the search is what matters . there does come a point where some filmic overkill sets in --and i mean this more figuratively than literally-- where , in plot twists and in persons introduced , too much is too much , especially by the standards of alfred hitchcock who would have built up developments more soberly while he would have kept going with character development . ( that's why i think of the construction of his pictures as " clean . " ) even so , the first part of frantic is masterly , the second part confident of itself , and the third , in spite of its gimmickry , still has some good touches . harrison ford , a true professional whose talent and versatility tend to be forgotten because of his han solo and indiana jones roles , confirms here the appeal of his unpretentiousness . newcomer emmanuelle seigner gets off to a pretty indecent start . she's the granddaughter of the legendary louis seigner , star of the comedie francaise . the supporting cast , especially the hotel and police people , are perfect in their realism : the more you know france the better those actors are . polanski chose them and directed them with impressive precision . roman polanski was born in paris in 1933 of polish-jewish parents who returned to poland three years later . soon after came the occupation by the nazis , the persecution of jews and the deportation of his family to death camps . roman , who had escaped the germans , survived . later he studied and made films in poland , became famous . a cosmopolitan who knew well big cities , he used them in his works with moody authenticity : london in repulsion , paris in the tenant , new york in rosemary's baby , los angeles in chinatown . the production values of frantic are outstanding . polanski surrounded himself with a who's who of collaborators . french scenarist ( and director ) gerard brach worked here with polanski for the ninth time . among his fifty-odd screenplays are the two of us ( " le vieil homme et l'enfant " ) , quest for fire , the name of the rose , jean de florette , manon of the spring , maria's lovers . editor sam o'steen had already three oscar nominations ( who's afraid of virginia woolf ? , chinatown , silkwood ) . designer pierre guffroy had won two oscars ( tess , the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie ) . composer ennio morricone is a legend in his field . director of photography sobocinski , a polish collaborator of andrzej wajda , proved again what an incredible source of great cinematographers poland is , especially the film school at lodz , polanski's alma mater . curiously , this is the second movie called " frantic , " at least in english . the first ( called in france elevator to the gallows ) was also a thriller , also made in france , also set in paris . it was one of the very first works of the french new wave , and the first fiction feature by louis malle , who , curiously , as in the case of polanski , was one of the few european filmmakers to be very successful with the pictures that they made in america . oddly , except for a small , faithful following , frantic has been underrated and paid little attention to from the time of its release on . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
starring : keanu reeves , al pacino , charlize theron , craig t . nelson , connie nielson , and judith ivey if there is one thing that bothers me about hollywood films it's their predictable endings . the devil's advocate has the atypical hollywood ending , when everything that should happen does . unfortunately for the devil's advocate , this ending nearly collapses in on itself , and ruins the entire film . nevertheless , the film does provide two and a half hours of pure entertainment ( note to self : kill whomever was in charge of the previews for this film ) . i don't think i was quite prepared for this movie because the trailers made it appear to be some supernatural horror film about satan . well , it does contain this element , but what is not mentioned in the ads is the other plot elements ( and seemingly more interesting ones at that ) . the devil's advocate begins in florida with an ongoing trial in session . kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) is the defense attorney , working for a client whom has been accused of raping a young girl . he ends up with a not-guilty verdict , despite an emotional testimony from the victim ( heather matarazzo ) . he leaves the courthouse with his lovely wife mary ann ( charlize theron ) where he is approached with an offer to travel to new york city to help choose a good jury . he accepts ( mainly after seeing the paycheck he will receive ) and he flies to new york with his wife . after proving his worth for selecting juries ( and his perfect winning streak in court ) , the head of the firm , john milton ( al pacino ) , asks him to work permanently as a criminal lawyer . he graciously accepts , where he is treated almost as a god . he is given an incredible apartment ( which is bigger than my entire house now ) , and a hefty paycheck . his life seems to be on the rise . and of course , his life suddenly begins to waver and slowly decline . he is attracted to fellow employee christabella ( connie nielson ) , and his wife begins to feel very lonely in her large apartment . mary ann takes up a friendship with a neighbor who always gives advice , especially if it is not wanted . meanwhile , kevin nabs a case surrounding alexander cullen ( craig t . nelson ) who apparently murdered three people . he spends hours upon hours with this case , while forgetting his loving wife , who may or may not be going insane . all of this while john milton may or may not be the devil himself . after a while , things turn completely upside-down , as kevin's wife claims to have seen monstrous images superimposed on her friends . a fellow employee is murdered in the park , and his mother ( judith ivey ) reveals information about kevin's real father . is it all just a big nightmare ? or is john milton really satan , playing tricks with kevin's life ? the devil's advocate plays out fairly straight-forward , but for some odd reason , the screenwriters wanted to surprise everyone by giving us something we don't expect . is this surprise conclusion supposed to make us feel good and go home without feeling depressed or disturbed ? if so , the devil's advocate messes up completely , and ironically , i felt more depressed because of the ending as is now , than i would have if it had ended ten minutes early . i went into the devil's advocate expecting a shocking horror film , and that is exactly what i got . i was settled in to be disturbed mentally and emotionally , and that is what i got . but what was the most disturbing and horrible aspect of the movie is the poor ending ( did i mention that i didn't like the ending ? ) . the producers of this film take you on a thrilling roller coaster ride and just as it is ending , they pull the rug out from under you . films like se7en and the usual suspects can survive with this surprise ending because it is expected , more or less . we know it is going to end in an unpredictable way . the devil's advocate , on the other hand , ends unpredictably , not from us knowing a lot , but knowing nothing at all . if that is confusing , i recommend watching the film , and then reading that again . as for the film overall , i enjoyed the entire first two hours , being drawn in by a terrific character study and then adding the supernatural plot to increase the tension build from the character study . the film runs like a well-built clock , slowly building until finally exploding with a highly charged climax ( and an unpredictable one at that ) . and then you settle in for a nice resolution , which does not occur . it was at this point that i felt cheated . taking us on a terror ride of intrigue , we follow kevin lomax around , as he is the centerpiece of the film . everything occurs from his perspective . he is our representation on screen ( sort of ) . but we are forced to witness a conclusion which makes most of the film seem like a game . i don't want to spoil the ending , so all i can say is go see the film and decide for yourself . perhaps the most shocking thing about the devil's advocate is the extreme amount of everything . it earned its r rating for a reason . there is plenty of nudity , sex , violence , gore , and then you have gore , violence , sex , and more nudity . this film really isn't subtle about anything , showing us everything . it actually surprises me that this film did not receive an nc-17 rating , as it is quite harsh . however , the movie does have its merits , and nudity and sex are among those . i don't condone sex and nudity in films , but if its there , i might as well enjoy it . the biggest merit of this film is also the most interesting to watch . the confrontations between kevin lomax and john milton are entertaining , but what stands out amidst this extreme hatred is the decline of the wife , mary ann . portrayed by the extremely effective charlize theron , mary ann's problems are incredibly intense , and i found myself wanting to witness her decline . this may sound uncaring , but i wanted to watch because i felt sorry for her . she is the most interesting character on the screen , who is forced into a world where she is not wanted . something the devil's advocate contained actually shocked me for reasons other than extreme violence and nudity , especially for a film of this nature . the story actually has something to say about humanity . in one of the last scenes , john milton explains to kevin lomax the game god plays with his children ( he is satan , of course ) . he comments that it is human nature to lust and loathe in vanity . then , god sets up rules which contradict human nature . this semi-religious bashing is more humorous than frightening . what milton says is so true about our society that i found myself laughing out loud , partially thinking it was funny , but patially realizing it was true . these moral dilemmas are present throughout the devil's advocate , giving it an added depth many films skip over in their writing ( but i'm sure they came straight from the novel it was based on ) . when a film has something to say about our society , it deserves to be watched . the cast of the devil's advocate is one of the highlights , as we see memorable faces , and they put spins on those memorable faces we don't expect . heather matarazzo makes a brief appearance as the terrorized victim in the opening court case , and she does a great job . probably the big surprise of this film is keanu reeves . he has proven himself an uneven actor ( successes such as speed and bombs such as johnny mnemonic ) , but he tops himself with this performance . i have never seen him more believable to date . al pacino is of course the scene stealer . his devilish performance is equal to those of jack nicholson ( the witches of eastwick ) and max von sydow ( needful things ) . he could have easily gone too far over the top in many scenes , but he remains completely believable ( if that is the correct term ) . jeffrey jones ( mostly known as the principal in ferris bueller's day off ) also gives a good performance as eddie barzoon . judith ivey manages a credible performance as the mother who holds a secret to kevin's past . connie nielson is very effective in her role , and she also appears naked several times . one familiar face with a twist was " coach " star , craig t . nelson , who gives a very good performance . the devil's advocate is rated r for sexuality , nudity , violence , language , and some gore . at 144 minutes , this film moves along fairly quickly . for the first two hours , i sat completely engaged in the good performances and strong characters . the technical quality is also remarkable , with great special effects and a good musical score . director taylor hackford has managed to create a very disturbing motion picture , only to ruin a good chunk of tension with the final fifteen minutes . i guess my biggest problem with the ending is the fact that i went into the theater expecting a disturbing film , and hackford gave me just that for a long time . but just before the end , he got jitterish and relied on the hollywood safety net in order to make his film more mainstream . personally , i would have preferred it ending fifteen minutes early . reviewed by respect ( respect@aros . net ) http : //www . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
member of the 'internet movie critics association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html member of the 'online film critics society' http : //smart . sbay . com/ofcs/ tom cruise , #3 on the list of box office stars who have generated the most income for the studios at a take of 1 . 51 billion dollars . tom hanks , #2 at 1 . 52 billion and harrison ford is #1 with a take of 2 . 08 billion dollars . after all the years harrison ford has been around , i've never seen a guy who can be so likable , even when he makes a bad movie . born in 1942 , his early roles in 'american graffiti' ( 1973 ) and 'the conversation' ( 1974 ) had him in gear as an interesting looking character actor who was about the same age as i am now . then , of course , his breakthrough film , 'star wars' , had him engulfed in the full context of success and the phrase , " never looking back " , can rarely be applied as strongly as in the case of ford , who later took on the challenge of a leading man and 'raiders of the lost ark' made him a full fledged superstar . thankfully , tom selleck's schedule made him unavailable as indiana jones and stories i've read from multiple sources said harrison ford was oliver stone's first choice to play jim garrison in 'jfk' . 'six days , seven nights' has ford under the direction of ivan reitman , the man who made arnold schwarzenegger funny in such films as 'twins' , 'kindergarten cop' and 'junior' . too bad sylvester stallone's voyage into comedy was a disaster . maybe reitman can do something for his career later on . in 'six days , seven nights' , ford looks entirely like an everyday common man playing his role with a likable quality in a mediocre film . ford plays a somewhat broken down commercial pilot who lives in the south pacific who meets a new york city magazine editor ( anne heche ) and her fiancee ( david schwimmer ) . he flies them to their eventual destination and heche and ford later travel alone as heche's boss asks her to interrupt her vacation and make a 15-hour stop over in tahiti to do a magazine layout . as they are flying , a violent storm kicks up forcing them to turn back and upon doing so , the plane is struck by lightning and they crash land on a deserted island in a 'gilligan's island' type of scenario . spoiled with her bottled water , business lunches and nyc lifestyle , heche can't comprehend this disaster and asks ford what he's going to do . there are some clever lines as ford talks about the plane's landing gear and says : " sure , i'll just glue it back on " . her sarcasm is not to be out done as she says : " i've flown with you twice and you've crashed half the time " . her best line is when she asks ford if he's " one of those guys . those handy guys who , when you give them a pocket knife and a q-tip , they build you a shopping mall . " their isolation on the island puts them into an unpleasant confrontation with some modern day pirates . they also deal with the conflict of each other's opposite tendencies , the humourous pratfalls of inexperience in their situation and the unexpected situations in nature . i couldn't quite get my mind around the fact that i was watching some scenes straight out of movies such as 'butch cassidy and the sundance kid' , 'romancing the stone' and others and while pleasant enough in content , the movie is a one time deal you want want to re-visit and while ford isn't quite upstaged by his female companion , heche is still more believable in her role and gives a better performance . i was surprised . 
gattaca ( 1997 ) rated pg-13 for brief violent images , language , some sexuality , and nudity  starring : ethan hawke , uma thurman , loren dean , jude law , alan arkin , tony shalhoub , gore vidal , and xander berkeley with the release of gattaca , i began to wonder why all science fiction films deal with destructive aliens , or aliens in general . hollywood has given audiences plenty of thrills with those alien films , but what was usually lacking was a good story . . . and good characters . . . and good acting , etc ( contact being the exception ) . and for some reason , hollywood has never taken a look at the aliens here on earth . the closest , that i have seen anyway , was 2001 : a space odyssey , which made mankind an alien race themselves , being dwarfed by the technology which they created . now comes gattaca , another film about technology reigning supreme , except here on our planet . the difference between 2001 and this one is simple : gattaca is more frightening . most of the concepts of this movie are based on recent discoveries in genetic engineering . using this premise , writer/director andrew niccol creates some genuine suspense and thrills . unfortunately , due to a lack of advertising , i fear gattaca may fair horribly at the box office . since seeing the film , i have been asking people if they have seen gattaca . lately , however , i have been asking them if they have even heard of gattaca . most people don't even realize that it is a film . despite this fact , i surely hope that the audience members who have seen this film will tell their friends about it . niccol's film deserves more than what independence day made because it is smarter , better produced , and more realistic . gattaca begins in the 21st century . procreating is now done in a petri dish , and genetic engineering is the normal way of doing it . natural child birth is considered old-fashioned . we are introduced to jerome morrow ( ethan hawke ) , an employee of the gattaca space program . one of the directors of the program has been murdered , and the main suspect is one vincent freeman . the only problem is that jerome morrow is vincent freeman . vincent was born the natural way when his parents decided on bringing their first child into the world through love . however , after his birth , and through several genetic tests , doctors tell his parents that he will have a 99% chance of a weak heart , as well as poor eye sight and a short life span . as a result , both parents decide to bring their next baby into the world via genetics . anton ( loren dean ) is produced without flaws , and the competition between brothers spawns . vincent has a dream to fly a solo-flight around the titan , the 14th moon of saturn , but because of his condition , gattaca , and society in general , forces him to do menial labor around the company . labeled an " in-valid , " vincent's dream seems impossible , until he meets a black-market dna specialist , german ( tony shalhoub ) . german introduces him to a " valid " who has been paralized from the waste down due to an automobile accident . jerome morrow ( jude law ) agrees to give vincent all the proper identification tools ( urine , blood , skin and hair samples , etc . ) that he will need to get past gattaca's tight security . in exchange , vincent will provide jerome with the rent money and friendship . after the murder , however , his dreams are put at risk due to one of vincent's eyelashes left at the scene of the crime . irene cassini ( uma thurman ) is a genetically flawed " valid " working for gattaca , and she begins to fall in love with vincent/jerome . gattaca is one of the best science fiction films i have seen in a long time . only two other intelligent science fiction films have come out in the past two years ( contact and the arrival ) and gattaca will rank among them . unfortunately , whenever one intelligent film comes out against special effects-laden films , it normally gets buried . the second best thing about gattaca is the production design by jan roelfs . the orange glow of gattaca's scenes are impressive , but the sets deserve most of the credit . the sets are very well done , creating a futuristic sense , but not too futuristic as to alienate viewers . as we look at the designs , we realize that these buildings aren't too far into the future . this brings the plot even more credibility as genetic engineering becomes more possible by every passing day . the best thing , however , is the plot . the story is more than your average sci-fi/thriller . at its heart , it develops a theme which is never overpowering but is always present . perhaps niccol is warning our race about the changes genetic tampering could bring . would our society become a bunch of soulless zombies ? maybe human nature is a result of mankind's flaws . if we get rid of flaws , do we get rid of dreams as well ? niccol's intelligent script handles all these questions extremely well , and the result is an incredibly smart thriller set against a dramatic story , or vice versa . the power of the actors brings a lot of credibility to flat characters . while flat may sound like a poor job on niccol's part , it actually enhances the meaning behind the story . ethan hawke has developed into a handsome adult actor , giving his best performance of his lifetime so far . his curiosity and motivation pushes his character past all the discouraging remarks from his parents and " valid " peers . uma thurman is . . . well , uma thurman . her character is slightly underdeveloped , but the story isn't about her . however , thurman gives a lot of depth to the flat character . jude law gives the most complex performance of the film with the most disturbingly realistic character . he provides several nice touches , and his final scene is a very touching and heartwrenching one . loren dean gives a nice performance in his well-developed character . dean is also responsible for some of the most suspenseful scenes in the movie . alan arkin portrays one of the detectives with a little less more excitement than with his psychiatrist in grosse pointe blank . still , he does a good job . gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film . gattaca is rated pg-13 for brief violent images , language , some sexuality , and nudity . despite the somber and desolate mood of the entire film , i wasn't exactly prepared for the ending which left me feeling empty . it turned me off slightly , but then i realized that everything turned out the way it should have . if this had been a typical hollywood film , it would have ended much differently . however , with all the mindless science fiction films out there , it is nice to have a film which doesn't talk down to its audience ( i especially like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters which make up the genetic coding : g , t , c , and a ) . instead , it provides some much needed entertainment which gives us science fiction fanatics just what we want : a science fiction film with morals behind it . whatever happened to giving the audience a lesson while entertaining ? hopefully more writers and directors will learn from gattaca . . . and hopefully audiences will too . p . s . personal note to p . j . gladnick : how dare you call this film the worst film of the year . i can't even begin to image what film you do like . that frightens me beyond anything . reviewed by respect ( pun intended ) - respect@aros . net http : //www . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
1998 , r , 100 minutes [1 hour , 40 minutes] starring : ben stiller ( jerry ) , amy brenneman ( mary ) , aaron eckhart ( barry ) , catherine keener ( terri ) ; produced by steve golin , jason patric ; written and directed by neil labute . seen september 5 , 1998 at 10 p . m . at the sony nickelodeon theaters ( boston , ma ) , theater #2 , with matt perreault for free using my sony/loews critic's pass . [theater rating :  : okay seats , sound , and picture] modern society is now inundated with more sex and sexuality than it ever has been before , from teenage sitcoms to nc-17-rated films about fetishes . the biggest debate of the subject is whether or not it affects reality or just reflects it . " your friends and neighbors " takes a different approach as it's a film that revolves almost entirely around sex and how can be used for both pain and pleasure even within a small circle of friends . one of the most important aspects of the film that most be noted and analyzed before the film can really be dissected as a whole is writer/director neil labute's basic setup and some of the unique methods he employs to tell the story . firstly , and most importantly is the fact the script tells a rather complex , detailed story of lust , betrayal , arrogance , hypocrisy , greed , and just plain stupidity between six different characters ( three men , three women ) , without hardly any supporting characters , ( a few have a line or two ) , mostly extras . everything they do will somehow affect another character and ultimately come full-circle back to themselves , whether it be positive or negative . but to just state this is arbitrary , and explaining and criticizing the process is difficult . labute's ability to tell his story through a few characters is a remarkable feat , but what's specifically impressive is the fact the characters' names are never revealed until the end credits roll . for the sake of this review , i will describe the characters and refer to them as their main characteristic . another interesting accomplishment is the fact every scene takes place inside with limited focus . we're always able to tell where the characters are ( someone's home , the gym , a restaurant , hotel room , etc . ) , but what the city they live in , what year it is , what the society is like , etc . is relatively unknown . the film is a complete character study with the tight , intense drama of the theater . no one plot dominates the story , which makes the first act a bit tedious for its lack of background . we're simply dropped in on the characters' lives and are expected to figure out the rest . the characters are a group of middle-class white people who are all successful at what they do , but they're only concern right now seems to be their sex lives . first there's barry ( eckhart ) and mary ( brenneman ) , a married couple who are going through a dry spell not unlike many other couples in other situations who don't know what they're problem is . barry is kind of a dorky businessman who loves his wife , and the sex they have , but doesn't have a lot of ambition - he just follows everyone else . mary is a writer of some sort , but lacks aggression and emotion like her husband and is the meekness character , but ironically , doesn't hesitate to commit adultery just to feel something . labute's script does a good job in characterizing mary and barry as individuals , but is very light on chemistry and connection between the two . obviously , this is the theme , which is enhanced by the actors' good performances , but at the same time seems just a bit hollow . another couple is jerry ( stiller ) and terri ( keener ) who live together and seem to have been involved with each other for a long time , yet they constantly argue over anything and everything . their sex life is also fraught with problems and for some reason they continue to do it throughout their infidelitous relationship . if only one aspect of the film could use improvement , it would be this area . it's natural for a married couple to become bored with each other , but why would two people who can barely stand each other continue to have sex and live together ? what did they ever see in the other person to begin with ? labute never really answers , but since the film is more concerned with the payoff than the process , it still makes for good drama , tension , and manip ulation so intricate and deceitful it's fascinating . two other characters act as catalysts , cary ( jason patric ) and cheri ( natassja kinski ) . cary is an arrogant , hostile sex-maniac who defines the word " bastard . " somehow he is able to bend women to his will , either through charm or just attitude , into getting his way . he's the kind of guy everyone should stay away from as we realize he's secretly perverted , but somehow barry finds comfort in his company , although jerry is always nervous around him . patric gives an outstanding performance , so much so that we want to know more about him despite how intimidating and unlikable he is . cheri is a character labute uses as a catalyst to see how the other characters react to her . she works in an art museum and at some point throughout the film , each character will engage her in almost the exact same conversation and her reaction is always different , from becoming involved in a relationship with one , to brushing it off as small talk with another , to being outright appalled by yet another . she's a sweet woman , perhaps the most normal of any of the characters , and although her symbolism is obvious , her role as the outsider is the most relatable . i will not reveal who cheats on who and how each character is specifically affected by the others' action , as that's the hook of the film . the first two acts begin to set up the characters and each's scenarios , but it's often difficult to tell what they will do about it and with whom . the result is sometimes surprising , other times predictable , but the actual course of actions is always fascinating . for a while everyone has their fun , but ultimately each character's guilt , attitude , or ignorance will disserve them . one of the most important things to note is how realistic the story is supposed to be . since the characters only interact with each other there isn't much pop culture references , as almost everything has a deeper philosophy behind it . are we to assume that these people are , as the title states , our friends and neighbors ? i don't know of anyone going through the same situations as these people . often times the film is not unlike a network melodrama , other times situations are like those not seen outside a porno movie . but what this film does have that the others don't is repercussions in the end . although the film creates its own reality , it goes to show that even the immoral aren't immortal . in what way " your friends and neighbors " is supposed to work is open to interpretation . it definitely has a lot to say about the price that comes with infidelity , but it could have been even better had it expanded on that theme more specifically . still , it's an accomplishment in film-making because it has put a timeless theme into a modern perspective . please visit chad'z movie page at : http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz - over 200 new and old films reviewed in depth , not just blind ratings and quick capsules . 
how many of us would become strippers ? for those of us who wouldn't , is it a moral reason , or purely a lack of confidence ? that's probably not a fair question , and for a lot of us , it could very well be for neither of those reasons . as you watch the full monty , however , you may begin asking yourself these kinds of questions . would you be willing to grin and bare it to bring in some much needed dough ? in case you haven't guessed , the full monty is about stripping , but striptease it ain't . it's actually quite a charming comedy that uses its ideas with a great deal of tact and sophistication . it is the story of six out-of-work , out-of-shape blue collar brits whose recent job losses have left the boys penniless , but not without need . what to do ? it hits our main character gaz ( robert carlyle ) as he notices the large crowds of women who pour into a local male strip club on a regular basis . it seems that simple : take it off and bring in the cash . eventually , gaz is able to convince his friends to join him in starting their own exotic dance routine despite their initial reluctance . these include the overweight , confidence-lacking dave ( mark addy ) , the uptight , overly-officious gerald ( tom wilkinson ) , the once suicidal lomper ( steve huison ) , and two additional fellows who gain their place among the group by audition : horse ( paul barber ) , an older gentlemen chock full of graceless energy , and guy ( hugo speer ) , a young well-endowed looker who compares himself to cary grant . when the sextet is complete , we're given a hefty dose of physical comedy . we watch the bumbling middle-aged men choreograph pseudo-sexy dance numbers , all the while proving why none of them were strippers in the first place . as if there anti-appeal wasn't enough , they decide to boost interest in the group by promising " the full monty " on opening night , which for us americans , means baring it all . . . and i mean * all * . the movie actually ends on opening night ; a hilarious applause worthy ending i might add . it's sure to leave nothing short of a big smile on your face as you leave the theater . with the subject matter , you might not expect the fully monty to be such a feel-good , almost inspiring film , but it surprisingly turns out that way . the amount of light , touching drama also comes as a nice surprise , never feeling off-balance from the otherwise highly upbeat moments of the film . there's a lot more to this movie than you might think in other words , and the ensemble cast couldn't be better . each character is completely individual , interesting , funny , and most importantly , real . the full monty is never offensive , a very impressive attribute since its subject matter alone could've easily fallen prey to tastelessness . it's one of those movies that is best described as a solid piece of entertainment , perfect for a great night on the town , or as a saturday night movie rental . either way you see it , it shouldn't let you down in the slightest . and , pun heavily intended , when it's all said and done , you'll be smiling from cheek to cheek . 
the ability to suspend ones disbelief is a vital trait when attending a schwarzengger movie . however , due to the absence of a good film from the big austrian for quite some time , people seem to have forgotten this . the biggest complaint i hear about " end of days " is that it was unbelievable . i'm sorry , but i personally believe it is incredibly naive to expect arnold to appear in a realistic film . twenty years ago , a newborn girl was chosen by a satanic cult to be the one who would bear the child of satan . now , young christine ( robin tunney ) is grown up and is being stalked by three different groups : two church factions , one intent on killing her ; and the other , led by father kovak ( rod steiger ) , attempting to protect and hide her ; the third party is satan himself , possessing the body of a wall street banker ( gabriel byrne ) . drawn into the conflict are jericho cane ( arnold schwarzenegger ) and chicago ( kevin pollak ) , two bodyguards hired by the man they do not know to be satan . as cane is drawn deeper and deeper into the conflict , he learns that christine must not be impregnated or the world will come to an end . if you don't like arnold movies , chances are you already know to steer clear of this one . if this somehow hasn't occured to you , let me reassure you that this is a schwarzenegger film in the truest sense , so stay far away . being a typical film of the schwarzenegger genre , this movie is a whole lot of fun , but be sure to leave your brain and sense of logic at the door . there are more plot holes here than i can begin to count . this movie isn't about plot though . it's about fight scenes , explosions and special effects . these are certainly present in abundance . on the down side , the acting here is certainly less than phenomenal from the leads . as all know , arnold isn't going to get any oscar nominations in the near future . however , he is charismatic enough to get away with this . robin tunney , on the other hand , is likely to get nominated for at least one award , and that's the razzie . not only is she laughably bad in this role , but she looks utterly dumbfounded as to what she's supposed to be doing half the time . as for the rest of the cast , rod steiger is as good as ever ; kevin pollak is certainly in his element as a smart alec of a side-kick ; and cch pounder , a remarkable actress , is woefully underused as a police detective . the real standout performance here comes from gabriel byrne as the man ( this is how he's credited ) himself . byrne simply oozes charm and authority . watch for a scene in which he meets a skateboarder who disrespects him . " end of days " is mindless movie fun nearly at its best . it doesn't quite make it because the film does border on being too mindless at times . some of the scenes we are expected to swallow will have you gawking at the screen in disbelief ( such as how cane discovers the existence of christine ) . if you think you can get past this , just sit back , relax , and enjoy . " end of days " runs a touch too long at 120 minutes . i give it three and a half stars , and a recommendation to catch a matinee . feel free to e-mail with comments at : jabii@aol . com * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick . try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad . see it if you've got nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
the fifth element : a film review by jesse a . kaplan cast : bruce willis , gary oldman , milla jovivovich , chris tucker , ian holm , luke perry directed by luc besson wow ! when i orginally found out about the fifth element ( t5e ) i was amazed by not only the plot , the effects , the sets , and the casts , but just how what an incredibly different movie it was going to be . well now its out all over and has gotten some mixed reviews . let me tell you something ladies and gentlemen , this movie is terrific . all the future will be lost unless the fifth element is found . i don't even know how to explain the movie so i won't . let me say this then . if you like action , sci-fi , great costumes , an amazingly hott up and coming actress , shoot 'em up , futuristic ride of your life the t5e is the movie for you this summer . bruce willis ( die hard , pulp fiction ) is at his best as an ex-marine turned taxi who has to save the world from annialation from the unltimate evil . evil is helped by the crooked arms dealer billioniare zorg , played by gary oldman ( the professional , air force one ) . leeloo , as the fifth element , the surprime being must be used correctly to defeat this evil with help from a struggling to save priest , holm , and his assistant . once the action moves to the space resort we are met be d . j . ruby rodd , chris tucker ( friday ) who is a great cross between prince , dennis rodman , and orpah whinfrey . the sets and costumes and the best part of the movie and the $90 million dolllar budget certainly isn't wasnted at all in this movie . definately one of the true hits of this summer . although compared to sci-fi thrillers such as stargate and blade runner , t5e works because its not deep at all . simply great mindless fun , guarenteed to make your $7 . 50 worthwhile . the fifth element runs 2 : 07 and is worth every minute . it is rated pg-13 for brief female nudity , cartoonish violence , and a little profanity . a definate winner ,  . 
year : 2000 . starring the voices of julia sawalha , mel gibson , miranda richardson , jane horrocks , imelda staunton , tony haygarth , benjamin whitrow . written by peter lord & nick park ( story ) and karey kirkpatrick ( screenplay ) . directed by peter lord and nick park . rated g . i know that " funnest " isn't a word . " fun " is a noun , and therefore cannot be conjugated like an adjective . but that's the word that came to me right after viewing " chicken run . " no wonder : this is the kind of movie that reduces you to childish expressions , like " that was the funnest movie i've ever seen ! " so to hell with webster's -- " chicken run " is one of the funnest movies i've seen in a while . i can't remember the last time i've seen anything funner . the chickens at tweedy's farm are up to something . living in a concentration camp-like atmosphere , they are led by one plucky hen called ginger ( voice of julia sawalha ) who continually comes up with plans for escape -- and always gets caught , subsequently spending day after day in the coal box . one night , a brash american rooster flies in over the fence , calling himself rocky ( mel gibson ) , famous flying rooster and circus performer . rocky promises to teach the chickens how to fly , and the situation grows more desperate as the nefarious mrs . tweedy ( miranda richardson ) decides to abandon the farm's egg-selling plan for a pie-selling plan . she orders a huge pie-making machine , cackling , " chickens go in ; pies come out . " what sort of pies ? chicken pies , of course . co-director nick park and his studio , aardman animation , produced three oscar-winning short films : " creature comforts , " " the wrong trousers , " and " a close shave . " the latter two were the second and third installments of a trilogy starring the delightful team wallace & gromit , a man and his dog famous for getting themselves into increasingly peculiar adventures . part of what made the " wallace " films brilliantly entertaining was park's uncanny ability to make an old story seem new . " the wrong trousers , " for example , pulled out a lot of old hitchcockian suspense tricks , and " a close shave " owed a great deal of inspiration to classic detective stories . but in the hands of park and his team , the stories felt fresh and inspired , and not the least bit contrived . now teaming with co-director peter lord , park has created a similar creature in " chicken run . " the plot is largely lifted from " the great escape " ( watch for a quick reference to the ball-bouncing scene ) , with some spielberg-inspired action sequences providing the excitement . thing is , the film doesn't feel like it's been lifted from somewhere else ; " chicken run " feels fresh , alive , like nothing else ever done . part of it is the original idea : who in the world came up with the idea to make a prisoners-of-war movie starring chickens ? park and lord milk the incongruity for all it's worth : the characters treat their situation as if it were dead serious , and to them , it is . but they're * chickens * , so it's funny to us . another thing that helps " chicken run " ( and most of park's films ) succeed is the animators' subtle way of giving nods to the very films they're cribbing . there are references to " the great escape , " obviously , and " stalag 17 . " the chase sequence inside the chicken grinder parodies both " raiders of the lost ark " and " indiana jones and the temple of doom . " there's even a nod to " the blues brothers , " if you can believe it , and the filmmakers even get in a little light-hearted ribbing at the expense of their star voice actor , taking a couple of very subtle jabs at mel gibson's nationality and film history . the " braveheart " reference is a hoot if you catch it . when you consider just how fine a line resides between a funny parody and a redundant one , " chicken run " is downright brilliant in its execution . consider this : since july of last year , i've seen dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " parodies , on television , on the radio , and online . out of all those , maybe one or two were amusing , the rest tiresome . why ? because once you got past the thought that " they're parodying that&#8216 ; blair witch' movie , " most of the parodies had nothing to offer -- no insight , no original idea , no greater purpose . they were only funny if you had seen the movie ; otherwise , you got nothing . conversely , " chicken run " doesn't lean on its parodies -- the film references are never the sole focus of any scene . if you've never seen " indiana jones , " the chase sequence is still fun . even if you have no idea who mel gibson is , rocky remains an interesting character . park , lord , and screenwriter karey kirkpatrick realize that an audience does not need a parody shoved in their faces before it's understood , and as a result , " chicken run " is filled with visual and verbal jabs that are never too obvious , but not quite vague either . enjoyment of this movie doesn't require knowledge of film history , but if you've got it , " chicken run " is that much richer . the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it's hard not to fall in love with every one of them . ginger is perfect , spunky and opinionated , but with a soft heart that forbids her to leave her companions behind , and julia sawalha ( known as the cute mousy girl on " absolutely fabulous " ) nails it . she has warm , human chemistry with gibson , whose rocky hides his personal doubt under a brash gung-ho veneer . the characters' inevitable romance doesn't feel contrived , but sweet . poor mr . tweedy ( tony haygarth ) suspects the chickens are organizing in some way , but his limited intellect prevents him from figuring things out , and his overbearing wife certainly isn't any help . jane horrocks delivers a lovely voice characterization as tragically optimistic babs ( a hen that runs away with most of the best one-liners , all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ) , and two supply-trading rats that seem to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch nearly steal the show during the lively central swing-dancing sequence . they even come up with an inspired riff on something that's baffled scholars and theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma . one might have expected this inevitable joke to come off as wearisome , but as with most of " chicken run , " it comes as a delightful surprise . the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens . the animation is first-rate . remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable " chicken run " really is . this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . as in such top-notch family fare as " a bug's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame . certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they'll catch all the details . anyway , the movie's just a boatload of fun . funnest damn movie i've seen all year . 
being released on the same weekend as five other new movies the iron giant is and will become one of the best films you are not likely to see . it's a shame that such a critically acclaimed movie can't do well at the box office , but the public likes it's mainstream trash . hogarth hughes is an adventurous young boy living in rockwell , a cozy seaside town in maine . it's 1957 and sputnik has just been sent into orbit by the russians , so when a crazed drunk is out on his boat and sees what he calls a metal monster the townspeople joke around with him at first . when cars start getting eaten , and power lines destroyed , the people begin to wonder . when kent mansley ( a government agent ) comes to investigate he discovers hogarth's fake gun near the power plant and questions him about it , he says he doesn't know anything but mansley figures he knows more than he's letting on . the truth is , hogarth is hiding the robot at the local scrapyard where dean mccoppin , the owner , is keeping him hidden in a shed . he's beginning to form a bond with the metal man and doesn't want to see him hurt . when kent discovers that there is a robot , he is scared it's from another country and is going to annihilate us all , and he sends for reinforcements . while bearing the strong resemblance to e . t . , the film is still in a class of it's own . finally , an animated film with no songs , no fake love stories , and no stupid sidekicks . instead this is a wonderful film with a good message , ( putting in the fact that guns actually kill people is a great message for a children's film ) plus the film is filled with lots of gags and jokes aimed directly at adults too . the film has received horrible box office earnings , and is likely to be put with other critically loved comedies such as rushmore , election , go , and dick . this is a magical film that can be viewed again and again . so what are you waiting for ? go out and see this film now ! don't delay , call moviephone and get tickets for the iron giant , which gets  stars . 
member of the 'internet movie critic's association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html 'the newton boys' does something clever . it draws you in slowly after a more than mediocre beginning and eventually has you rooting for a group of wild west american outlaws who never killed anyone in their rampage of robbing somewhere in the neighbourhood of 200 banks between 1919 and 1924 . using a robin hood mentality of robbing from the rich to pay the poor ( in this case , however , they pay themselves ) , matthew mcconaughey ( willis newton ) ethan hawke ( jess newton ) skeet ulrich ( joe newton ) , and vincent d'onofrio ( dock newton ) are featured as the four brothers who are loyal to each other and to their profession . dwight yoakam is an explosives expert who hooks up with the brothers and his specialty is using a nitro mix in blowing safes . rounding out the leading players is julianna margulies who plays louise , a cigar store clerk who becomes willis' girlfriend . as the brothers plot each robbery , there is a hint of detail reminiscent of a documentary style approach by director richard linklater ( 'dazed and confused' , 'before sunrise' ) and the visual style the film projects is very impressive and candidly entertaining . matthew mcconaughey is a charismatic leading man and he is truly one of this generation's most under rated actors and has a power capable of carrying an entire film on his back . his portrayal of willis newton , a man raised dirt poor who had a tough life and claims to have went to prison as an innocent man , is someone many people can generate sympathy for and these factors fuel his desire to rob banks as we see him at the start of the film as an ex-con as someone asks him : " how was prison ? " , to which he replies : " how was the war ? " despite the unusual place in history the newton brothers have found , they remain virtually unknown compared to the likes of john dillinger , bonnie and clyde and " baby face " nelson . perhaps because the newton brothers weren't as cold blooded as their criminal peers and not just the american but the human fascination with violence is something that propels the most violent criminals to the top of the list in terms of historical documentation . it's a constant pleasure to watch the creators of film pick up on a part of history that is relatively unknown because the research proves to be more difficult and when you succeed , it is a greater testament to your endeavour as a creative artist . everything is meticulously crafted in 'the newton' boys' . from the clothes , to the sets , to the music , even the dialogue and wild west attitude are nailed down as impressively as any i've ever seen . the most interesting footage of the film comes in two places . first is a trip to canada where they try and rob banks in ottawa and toronto and find canadian safes better built and harder to crack so they decide to rob banks in broad daylight on the street as they witness bank employees , in a more civilized and less dangerous society , openly carry large bags of cash on the streets for transfer and delivery and as the boys hold them up , they do what they can to get away without killing anyone in the process . secondly is the film's closing credits which are accompanied by footage of the johnny carson show where the real willis newton is interviewed by carson and we see the real joe newton in clips of home movies and they tell how the brothers always viewed banks and insurance companies as cheats themselves and that his gang was just one thief robbing from another . not a great justification of their profession , and while some may criticize the film as a glorification of bank robberies , it's captivating simplicity and depth of academic focus make it entertaining as an alternative form of social commentary and the film does something rare . it only uses violence when necessary to make its intended points . 
with his sophomore effort , she's the one , edward burns has made another movie about irish catholic brothers that do stupid things to the women they love . like his first film , the brothers mcmullen , this story is set in and around new york city , and stars mike mcglone and burns himself as the aforementioned brothers ( only two this time ) . also in the mix once again is maxine bahns , burn's real-life love interest , who again stars as burns's . . . love interest . this time around , burns once again plays slacker to mcglone's uptight business-oriented younger brother . burns's mickey , a contented laid-back cab driver , falls in love ( with bahns ) and gets married on 24 hours notice . this is ridiculed by his brother francis ( mcglone ) , who is experiencing relationship problems of his own in the form of a deep-rooted affair that threatens to break up his marriage . the two brothers' problems are linked together by the fact that francis's young mistress , played by cameron diaz , is mickey's ex-fiancee . after establishing these relationship problems and throwing in the love quarrels that burns's father ( " frasier " 's john mahoney ) is having with their mother , burns allows them to unfold in much the same fashion that similar events unfolded in burns's first film . first , the brothers talk about their relationships ; in the next scene one of the brothers does something impetuous or stupid ; as a result , in a subsequent scene , the brothers have to talk about how * that * affected their relationships . all of this makes for a lot of repetition ( the story about why burns broke up with diaz is brought up at least eight times ) , and inevitably leads to the point where one of the brothers' wives or girlfriends does something independently impetuous , stupid , or long overdue , at which point , the brothers are forced to talk about * that * and maybe get into a fight . as the movie approaches its inevitable end , though , both brothers are forced to scramble and try to make everything work out . despite its strong similarities to burns's first film , she's the one reveals that burns has obviously done some growing since then . on the whole , this narrative is much more complex than that of the brothers mcmullen . unlike his first film , the problems of the brothers are interlinked such that their inevitable brotherly dialogues always hold some sort of interest for both brothers . burns also displays at one point that his characters do not all have to be completely tactless . this is demonstrated in what is by far the film's most powerful and original scene , a climactic moment between burns and diaz in which burns the director displays a newfound ability to reveal emotion without words . unfortunately , this is only one brief glimpse of complexity and true movie magic in a film that for the most part rehashes the brothers mcmullen . 
i don't know how many other people have had the idea cross their mind that their life could be an ongoing television show watched by another world of people , but it's something i used to wonder about when i was younger . i can't decide if i first thought it because i watched a lot of tv or because my brother hit me in the head with a baseball bat , but i'm pretty sure andrew niccol , screenwriter for the truman show , has had the same curious thought . the truman show is about a man ( jim carrey ) whose entire life has been engineered by a corporation and marketed to the public . since birth , he's been living in the fictional island town of seahaven , fla . , which actually exists as a giant domed set just beyond the hollywood sign . all the people in truman burbank's life are actors , and the anonymous townfolk paid extras . people watch truman's life 24 hours a day , live , with no commercial interruptions . revenue comes instead from product placement , a staple of contemporary hollywood , with truman's friends and relatives describing their consumer items in cheerful and optimistic tones . the sun rises and sets on cue and everyone likes everyone else . even if you haven't seen the truman show , you've probably learned most of the crucial details from the commercials , the trailer and other promotion blitzes . if anything i've written so far is a surprise to you , then i pity you for making me a primary source for your entertainment news . either way , you should probably know the premise of the truman show going into it , because otherwise you'll probably think it sucks . it begins with jim carrey looking into a mirror , reciting the crucial " eat me " scene from alive , wishing his neighbors a good day , afternoon and evening , and living in domestic bliss with his wife ( laura linney ) . but weird things start happening . a stage light comes falling out of the sky , truman hears people tracking his movements on the radio and he swears he sees his dead father . we learn through a flashback that his father drowned when truman was a child , sailing through a rainstorm . the death was staged by director christof ( ed harris ) , who wanted to put a fear of water into truman to keep him from leaving the island . similar cruel manipulations keep him from stumbling upon the truth , not the least of them truman's best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) , who assures him he's not in on any conspiracy because the last thing he'd ever do is hurt him . as truman's trusting eyes tear over , christof fades up emotional synthesizer music for a worldwide audience of people who apparently never watch anything else . there's even a daily behind-the-scenes update from harry shearer that captures the highlights of truman's existence . the key to a movie like this is in finding the right balance between humor and drama , because a premise like this has its obvious implications in both directions . and it all hinges on carrey , who has to balance comic naivet with a real sense of longing and drive to find out what the hell is going on . he's come a long way from talking butt cheeks in ace ventura . most fundamentally , it's just plain interesting to follow along as director peter weir shows us just how they can capture a person's life without the person realizing it -- how they coordinate extras , hide cameras and feed automatic lines to actors . the most interesting thing about the truman show is that most of us can probably imagine some ambitious director pitching a show like this . sure , the most interesting tv genre of the '90s has been reality programming and jerry springer's popularity is through the roof , but those people deserve to be humiliated for turning their intimate details over to the airwaves . and when news shows use hidden cameras , it's done in the name of the greater good , not entertainment . but merge the two and you've got the truman show . right now , it's implausible -- i mean , the fcc won't let you say the s-word on the air ; do you think they'd let you broadcast every detail of a man's life to the entire world without his consent ? one day , though , it could happen . and , even though it would mean the end of privacy , people would eat it up . you know they would . visit the movie critic at large homepage at http : //www . missouri . edu/~c667778/movies . html close to 1 , 000 reviews with a comedic flair . . . 
meteor threat set to blow away all volcanoes & twisters ! summer is here again ! this season could probably be the most ambitious = season this decade with hollywood churning out films like deep impact , = godzilla , the x-files , armageddon , the truman show , all of which has but = one main aim , to rock the box office . leading the pack this summer is = deep impact , one of the first few film releases from the = spielberg-katzenberg-geffen's dreamworks production company . following = the rather dismal showing of their previous two releases ; mousehunt and = amistad , deep impact shines with elements which could just make it one = of the biggest movies of the year . deep impact begins with the discovery of an earth bound comet during a = school astronomy outing by leo beiderman ( elijah wood ) which = subsequently stirred up the political community of the world . keeping = the information under wraps to prevent widespread panic , president beck = ( morgan freeman ) took it upon himself and his subordinates to execute a = highly secretive space project to destroy the comet before it hits = earth . while pursuing a sex-scandal story amongst the presidential = ranks , ambitious up and coming reporter , jenny lerner ( tea leoni ) = unfolds the wool that president beck has pulled over the citizens of the = world . as if the knowledge of the imminent annihilation of mankind is = not enough , jenny has to come to terms with her father ( maximillian = schell ) leaving the mother for a younger woman . =20 president beck announces the discovery and preparations to destroy the = comet exactly one-year later , with so much confidence that it left no = trace of panic within the american community . achieving fame from = announcement of the comet wolf-beiderman en-route to earth ( the name of = its discoverers ) , leo beiderman continues life in his small town as a = young celebrity . a team of astronauts , led by the ageing veteran = astronaut spurgeon tanner ( robert duvall ) , was secretly trained to carry = out the mission to land on the comet and create and explosion with a = nuclear device , with the hope of blowing it out of its current path = towards earth . despite him being the most experienced in the team , the = younger generation of astronauts in the team doubts tanner's ability due = to his age . but these are just problems of individuals . life on earth = goes on as any other day , confident that the comet will be destroyed . when the attempt to avert wolf-beiderman's path failed and caused the = comet to split into two : comet wolf and comet beiderman , the president = unfolds his contingency plan to evacuate part of the population , leaving = the rest to die . citizens are randomly chosen to live underground for 2 = years prior to impact , when the dust due to the impact around earth have = settled , by then all life on the surface would have died . jenny and leo = were picked but many of their loved ones were not , only a handful of = earth's population will be saved from destruction . =20 deep impact's moving moments occur in the least special-effect laced = scenes . while the effects are fantastic , they only form a small part of = the film , which indulges itself in the development of its main = characters ; leo , lerner and tanner . leo's struggle when he learns that = his girlfriend is not part of the population to be saved , lerner's = dwindling relationship with her father and her pain for the mother's = loneliness , tanner's strive to gain the respect he deserves from his = crew and his ultimate sacrifice , all form the backbone of deep impact's = moving moments . deep impact smells suspiciously like the previous year = release contact despite vivid differences . i think its probably because = they both delve in a story of global proportions and indulges in the = premise of hope , faith and life itself . both do not depend heavily on = eye-candy in the form of cgi effects . director mimi leder ( who won = numerous awards directing television series , and made her debut with = peacekeeper last year ) is definitely a director to watch . =20 despite this being the first of the two meteor movies this summer ( the = other being armageddon ) , i think there will be stark differences in the = approach to the subject matter . while the premise of both may be the = same , execution and focus of the films will in fact show that deep = impact has more focus on human elements than armageddon , which is done = by the team which brought us bad boys , crimson tide and the rock . =20 deep impact should be able to satisfy a variety of audiences ; from the = most action-craving to those who just want to immerse into its = manipulative but nonetheless dramatic premise . 
desperate measures ( 1998 ) reviewed by chuck dowling copyright 1998 - the jacksonville film journal url : http : //users . southeast . net/~chuckd21/ " desperate measures " was something i was excited about seeing back when it was originally scheduled to be released : summer '97 . for some reason , it was delayed until hollywood's traditional dumping ground : january . now that it's out , i see no real reason for that delay , as it's a simple yet highly entertaining film . michael keaton stars as a maniacial murderer who's bone marrow can save the life of the dying son of a san francisco police detective ( garcia ) . keaton agrees to the transplant , only so he can attempt escape . he succeeds , in a plan that of course could only work in the movies . the police force is now trying to kill keaton , while garcia is working against them trying to keep keaton alive in order to save his son . the film definately has it's flaws . the plot is strictly tv movie of the week fare , but the acting and direction certainly boost it far above that status . also , after keaton's escape , garcia's captain barks at him " how many men have to die to save your kid's life ? " which the film treats as such an evil and insignificant remark . the thing is , it's a vaild point . how many people have to be needlessly crippled , burned , and killed just to save this one child ? what's the greater good here ? many lives or one life ? if movies really had guts nowadays , i would have loved to have seen this movie come down to a final choice for garcia's character . place him in a situation where he knows that he has to kill keaton because keaton is about to kill someone else . alas , movies these days generally have no such ambition to pull the audience's strings in ways which might make the uncomfortable . despite a few silly moments ( and one or two really stupid ones ) , the good things about " desperate measures " outnumber the bad . the main highlight would be keaton's performance . the character could have easily been an overacting , scene chewing freak , but keaton underplays it nicely . he's not as menacing as he was in " pacific heights " or even as menacing as he was in " batman " ( yes kids , batman used to be a dark character ) , but you certainly get the idea that he's evil . even the final scene of the film , which normally i would just hate , seems strangely appropriate for this film . so much so that i didn't mind it in the slightest . and another bonus : the film takes place in san francisco , which usually means a car chase on those hills that you've seen a billion times before . and for a moment , it looked as though it was about to happen . but it doesn't , and that's creative . [r] the jacksonville film journal -- film reviews by chuck dowling url :  http : //users . southeast . net/~chuckd21/   email :  chuckd21@leading . net   © 1995-1998 of the jacksonville film journal .   no reviews may be reprinted without permission . 
the rich man's wife is one of those movies like final analysis or body double , where the story and characters are so one-dimensional and contrived that you know you shouldn't be enjoying yourself . but somehow , the movie just tries so hard that you begin to forgive it and get into the swing of things . not that it's bad , it's just that it's been done before ; and better , in my opinion . i realize that this is going to sound pretty bizarre , but it's probably the best analogy that i can come up with right now ; you know how when you see a spider or something in your toilet , striving helplessly to get out , and instead of just flushing him , you end up kind of rooting for the little guy ? that's basically how i felt about this movie . i mean , it's not very good , but it's not completely bad either . the wife of the title is josie potenza ( played nicely by halle berry ) . she is married to tony ( christopher mcdonald . . . you know , the guy who looks like joe piscapo ) , a really stressed-out businessman who drinks way to much and doesn't give josie the attention she deserves ( * cough , cough * ) . thus , she is driven into the arms of another man , jake golden ( clive owen ) . near the beginning of the film , josie decides to try and work things out with tony by dumping jake and going on a vacation to a remote cabin in the woods . once there , however , tony has to leave almost immediately due to business details ( i'm still not quite sure what line of work he's in ) . making the best of her situation , josie stays there and begins making the rounds at the local bars . one night , she meets a stranger named cole ( peter greene , finally getting a meaty role ) . they have dinner together , and eventually , both josie and the audience start to realize that cole is homicidal . after learning that she is not happily married , cole offers to " take care " of the problem . managing to escape from the psychotic maniac , josie returns home and starts a reconciliation with her estranged and very wealthy husband . but then one night , cole shows up . . . and here is where the fun begins . from this point on , it's going to be a no-holds- barred cliche-fest , ripping off every movie from strangers on a train to the usual suspects . this is why most critics panned this movie when it first came out . and for the most part , they're right ; the rich man's wife has nary one original bone in it's body . but who cares ? if you're looking for good ol' dumb suspense movie , you can't do much better than this . and if you suspense buffs aren't already sold , it has a killer of an ending too . 
rounders reviewed by jamie peckrating :  miramax / 1 : 55 / 1998 / r ( language , beatings , brief nudity/sexual content ) cast : matt damon ; edward norton ; john turturro ; martin landau ; gretchen mol ; famke janssen ; john malkovich ; michael rispoli director : john dahl screenplay : david levien ; brian koppelmanyou don't have to know poker to like " rounders , " but it might help . that a great deal of this sharp little drama is set in the back rooms of new york's cardshark underground astoundingly doesn't limit its accessibility , even for those who can't tell royal and straight flushes apart . " rounders " ' success , then , is owed to its proficient cast and intriguing portrayal of a world not many viewers will be familiar with . the dialogue may be filled with terms that only true players will grasp , but you don't have to speak the language to understand the words - a statement that pretty much sums up the effectiveness of the whole show . matt damon , fresh off his " good will hunting " hot streak , is perfect for the role of mike mcdermott , a young law student with a tremendous gift for gambling . but after losing all of his tuition money in a killer high-stakes match with russian poker aficionado teddy kgb ( john malkovich , deliciously hammy ) , he shifts his focus to scholarly matters , leaving his true area of expertise far , far behind . things change , however , when mike's old buddy worm ( edward norton ) re-enters his life - it seems worm , just out of jail , owes a hefty sum to nasty thugs , and is counting on his friend's superlative skills to help him pay off the debt . that " rounders " ' story quickly molds itself into a conventional , predictable tale of redemption doesn't hinder its potency . director john dahl , infamous for his neo-noirs " red rock west " and " the last seduction , " gets extremely convincing mileage out of the been-there , done-that plot mechanics by trumping up the relationship between mike and worm . damon and norton bring so much to their roles that they'd be worth catching even if " rounders " ultimately folded , but the movie ups its fascinating ante by contrasting their wildly different ways of winning . any sequence where the two men sit at the table together is an unarguable highlight . if only the other character interaction was as successful , " rounders " might merit consideration when it comes time to number the year's best films . current " it girl " gretchen mol is sweetly appealing as mike's girlfriend jo , aware and weary of his seedy past , but her scenes with damon number too few to be very effective . john turturro's aging mentor and famke janssen's tempting siren , both interesting sketches , are hampered by the same limited screen time . and as a wizened judge , the great martin landau makes memorable a role that's mostly a plot device - he's on hand mostly to sort-of save the day and provide a voice for " rounders " ' moral . that moral , by the way , is " our destiny chooses us , " and it's something of a surprise when " rounders " supports this solemn proverb by eschewing the conclusion you might expect ; mike does learn from his mistake , but neither the mistake nor the way he learns from it is what it initially appears to be . in the end , " rounders " sees gambling as less a mere addiction than a potential art form , but the poker itself is only a metaphor for a much larger picture . the road to true fulfillment lies within the realization and exercising of your natural passions , the movie espouses , no matter what they might be . here , low-rent lowlifes like worm just aren't cut out for the cards . screenwriters david levien and brian koppelman entertain and educate in their quest to vividly render a culture that's often generalized by movies ; even complete poker neophytes should cross the line from observers to participants when the movie gets to its concluding game scene . inside every adventurous filmgoer , there is a desire to be taken someplace new and exciting , and that's the precise allure of " rounders . " it ultimately matters not that a few of our tour guides feel partially-realized or that the journey itself is cluttered with sites we've seen before , because the final destination is a satisfying one . in the end , " rounders " holds a winning hand . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " like so many horror films , this one is set on a national holiday - the fourth of july . christmas and graduation day are also popular , although thanksgiving now seems reserved for movies about dysfunctional families . " -roger ebert on " i know what you did last summer " 
six days , seven nights reviewed by jamie peckrating :  touchstone / 1 : 41 / 1998 / pg-13 ( language , innuendo , violence ) cast : harrison ford ; anne heche ; david schwimmer ; jacqueline obradors ; temuera morrison ; allison janney ; douglas weston ; cliff curtis ; danny trejo director : ivan reitman screenplay : michael browning  " six days , seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience deliciously right , a commendable achievement considering the season thus far has been littered with some pretty uneven fare . here's a genuinely fun fluff piece that knows it's fluff , recognizes it's fluff and is admittedly proud to be fluff . of course , the casting of harrison ford in the broadly comedic lead role plays a sizeable part in the movie's success ; ford is such a concentrated dramatic actor that it's easy to forget what a funny guy he can be . as his female counterpart , anne heche also deserves a big pat on the back for her sweet , goofily charismatic performance . the age difference ( ford's 56 , heche's 29 ) matters not -- these two click in a charged way that's hard to come by . the story is a no-brainer -- ford stars as gruff but loveable island aviator quinn harris , while heche is career-minded but loveable new york magazine editor robin monroe . robin , on a tropical vacation with fiancé frank ( david schwimmer ) , gets assigned to supervise an emergency photo shoot in nearby tahiti , so she reluctantly hires quinn to fly her there . the plane crashes during a terrible storm , and they immediately find themselves stuck in a deserted paradise with few ideas on getting back to civilization . a series of unpleasant , often hilarious catastrophes leaves little choice but for both members of this unlikely odd couple to fall for each other . meanwhile , back at the resort , frank is tempted himself by quinn's shapely female tagalong ( jacqueline obradors ) . that subplot obviously exists to get us rooting for the quinn-robin pairing , and while it makes for a few good laughs early on , it eventually becomes a contrived distraction from the far more engrossing misadventures of quinn and robin . and since the film spends most of its time with the castaways , this flaw is only a minor inconvenience . director ivan reitman keeps the pace brisk . at a slim 101 minutes , " six days , seven nights " never wears out its welcome , where a lesser film could have felt like it was as long as its title . michael browning's clever screenplay allows for plenty of notable one-liners ( my favorite , taken in context , is " you mean _arrrgh_ pirates ? " ) , and though it essentially boils down to one mishap after another , they're all quite engaging . even the movie's more " serious " moments are played with a wink . heche has been under undeserved fire over whether or not her private life with ellen degeneres would affect the " believability " of " six days , seven nights " ' heterosexual pairing . ( so she's a lesbian . so what . deal with it . ) of course it doesn't , and here , her naysayers are proved wrong in a big way . in fact , her chemistry with ford is what really makes the film click ; these opposites attract with the utmost , endearing electricity . at one point , when the two are discussing the likelihood of romantic interest , heche asks ford how old he is . after several wrong guesses ( " forty-five ? _fifty_ ? " ) , he whispers his age to her . " you still look good , " heche stammers . " i still _am_ good , " ford replies . she's good too , and together , they make " six days , seven nights " one memorable ride . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the new and improved reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " suggestions , please , for the fourth movie in the series . how about 'look who's talking back , ' in which the audience gets its turn ? " -- roger ebert on " look who's talking now " 
rating : ength : 98 min ( 1 : 38 hours ) director : barry sonnenfeld producer ( s ) : laurie macdonald , steven r . molen , walter f . parkes , graham place , steven spielberg cast : tommy lee jones , will smith , linda fiorentino , vincent d'onofrio , rip torn , tony shalhoub aliens ! ! well , that is what this movie is about . computer generated aliens . ok , the movie is not just about computer generated aliens . it's about computer generated aliens and a secret organization known as mib . if one wasn't green and running around the other would not exist as it's known . the computer graphics in this movie are spectacular , they make you want to believe that aliens like the ones depicted exits . since seeing this movie i have to agree concede that denis rodman is an alien , he simply has to be . well , in all seriousness the aliens created here are not only of the monster variety but are also of the soft , squishy and cuddly kind . just adds something of a lighter note to the movie where it could have become very dark . along with aliens comes the humor and in a pretty decent way . j , well soon to be j , a smart ass cop ( played by will smith ) runs down what he thinks is a would-be villain and gets some attention from the mib and k in particular . k aims to recruit our poor j , but that is not the whole point of this movie . the main duty of the mib is to police the extra terrestrials on earth who have chosen it as a home or a refuge . that's also the main point of this movie : protect the earth from the scum of the galaxy . some of the scum from space is awfully bad and just down right nasty . color commentary abounds when forced to deal with alien scum and none other than will smith and tommy lee jones are there to deliver the punch . the dialogue is witty to say the least . this wittiness lets the movie flow well from scene to scene developing the characters to the extent needed for this movie . tommy lee jones ( as k ) and will smith ( as j ) provide both the action and the comedy beautifully . the characters they play don't seem to be wrong in any way nor does their performance as them . i would have to say that k is more amusing than j , but what's one without the other . both roles complemented each other very well and the script seemed to be written for these two actors . the story also goes deep enough to provide a proper background so the audience is not totally clueless . altogether good performances were put in by all the cast and the director blended everything marvelously with the necessary special effects to create a good movie . a movie well worth seeing if you are up for some lighthearted and witty humor . as most movies have their good things they also have their bad things . the character development in this movie was not all that grand because it didn't need to be . but if there was more character development and if there was some development of the alien characters that might have added quite considerable to the movie . especially the evil alien , he did need some work . though this could have been worked on , the movie was what it proposed to be a rather shallow and witty comedy . that was achieved rather well , with some interesting commentary and observations . a movie worth a view , but keep in mind what the movie is and if you are not fond of will smith's form of humor then i wouldn't go . originally written after original release . totally rewritten december 26 , 1997 email : bootsector@hotmail . com web : www . imactive . com/bootsector/ 
american pie  -a review by bill chambers ( pie@filmfreakcentral . net ) starring jason biggs , thomas ian nicholas , chris klein , tara reid screenplay by adam herz directed by paul weitz american pie acknowledges a cold , hard fact that most movies don't : it is very difficult to get laid . its four virgin heroes are jim ( biggs ) , a chronic masturbator , kev ( nicholas ) , who desperately wants to deflower his girlfriend ( reid ) , oz ( klein ) , a lacrosse player whose approach requires some fine tuning , and finch ( eddie kaye thomas ) , a germphobe ( his crass nickname is hilarious , but i won't spoil it here ) who pays a classmate to spread rumours about the size of his member . jim , kev , oz and finch attend a high school in suburban michigan full of so many impossibly beautiful women it's no wonder they're horny all the time . after a party at their studly friend stifler's ( seann william scott , in the film's sharpest performance ) house leaves them sexually unsatisfied , the quartet make a pact : to " lose it " by graduation-specifically , prom night , which is only a few weeks away . american pie is in the tradition of bachelor party or revenge of the nerds . almost every conversation these characters have revolves around makin' whoopee . all women are there to be ogled . ( alyson hannigan's perky music student is the only memorable female of the bunch . ) situations abound that defy logic only to arouse and/or amuse its core audience , adolescent boys . ( to arouse : nadia's ( shannon elizabeth ) internet striptease-an unexpectedly raucous ( and guiltily pleasurable ) sequence . to amuse : jim's lusty encounter with a hot apple pie . ) what differentiates american pie from those dirty eighties comedies , aside from a very nineties obsession with bodily fluids * , is a cast that's light years more appealing than that of , say , just one of the guys . two more standouts : klein and " sctv " 's eugene levy . klein plays a kind-hearted athlete for the second time in a row , after alexander payne's underappreciated election . i hope to see more of this warm actor with the disarmingly honest face very soon . levy's is the most crowd-pleasing performance , and indeed , it's nice to see him back on the big screen in a role that makes wonderful use of that expressive brow . american pie also wants to emulate the teen flicks your parents _would_ let you watch growing up . it skillfully employs a broad mix of pop tunes , much like john hughes' movies did , and even pays homage to the breakfast club a couple of times , most evidently when the prom band covers simple minds' " don't you ( forget about me ) . " the picture ultimately has a healthy , if obligatory , attitude towards safe sex-even at their most libidinous , american pie's protagonists first whip out a condom . the filmmakers prove that socially responsible raunch is possible . for its familiarity and for its charming leads , i recommend american pie , but the buzz on this film had me expecting something . . . fresher . as far as the new teen cinema goes , it's at the top of the heap . * don't say i didn't warn you about the party scene . 
all those who were offended by there's something about mary should not tread in the waters of american pie , a gratuitously sexual rollercoaster ride of raunch . and while this uproariously funny , gross-out summer movie is basically an exercise in bad taste , it also demonstrates a surprising sweetness in the end . american pie is the latest entry to the offensive teenage-targeted fare this season . i must question the studio that releases a movie like this . the producers are aiming these films at the 15-24 crowd , but while pushing the limit of possible sex and violence in an r-rated film . some have even been narrowly avoiding the dreaded nc-17 , a rating the mpaa gives when the adult content surpasses even that of a restricted movie . american pie was threatened with an nc-17 , but after snipping a few scenes from the finished product , it was given an r . but at least this new addition is not as careless and unforgiving as something like south park . it is sick , perverse , and ultimately disgusting - not to mention extremely funny . american pie is about four desperate teenagers who make a pact to lose their virginity by prom night . jim ( jason biggs ) , kevin ( thomas ian nicholas ) , oz ( chris klein ) and finch ( eddie kaye thomas ) are a quartet of high school students in their senior year who think sex is something they must experience to be successful in their lives ahead . jim inquires what it feels like when you reach third base , to which one of his friends replies : `like warm apple pie . . . ' . of course , this prompts the scene unfairly exposed in the trailers , in which jim and a freshly baked pie have a very intimate moment in the kitchen corner . there are many moments , such as this , in which director paul weitz uses a game-plan similar to the one frequently displayed in mary : to cause the audience to break down laughing in disgusting disbelief . american pie is a hard-fought effort that has replenishing rewards if you manage to stick with it . i loved the young cast in this movie . consider the subject matter that these actors have dealt with , obviously suggestiveness never rivaled in any of their previous projects , and you should appreciate their performances . biggs is more than enjoyable , and chris klein ( who recently played a similar jock in election ) is obviously a young talent on the rise . but in a teen-dominated movie , the best performance comes from comedian eugene levy ( of television's sctv ) , who is unexpectedly brilliant as jim's uneasy father . scenes in which the familiar father-son conversations are brought to interesting new levels are the funniest moments to be found in american pie . after levy discovers jim's new use for apple pie , he tells him , `i did a fare share of that sort of thing when i was your age . but i never used baked goods . ' it is performances such as his , and bill murray's in rushmore , that are often unfairly dismissed when awards are handed out . there are some less-than-original aspects of the film . a bathroom incident involving finch and a bottle of ex-lax is something we've seen before . if weitz is planning to take after the farrelly brothers , then this is a decidedly unwise move : the same prank was pulled in the brother's dumb and dumber , and used to greater effect . secondly , the characters are forced into a half-hearted climax that seems more artificial than amusing . but at one point , in which we discover that american pie does have a heart of it's own , biggs asks his buddies why he's going through so much pressure for something that's `not very important anyway . ' and so we realize that while the film is expressive about a subject that is hardly appropriate , it still manages to be mature . in it's own way . 
based on the boris karloff's classic by the same name , the mummy starts off with the high-priest of osiris , imhotep , who murders the pharoah for his mistress and is punished by being mummified in the most horrifying way possible -- bandaged up , having his tongue removed , and being covered in flesh-eating scarab beetles , then entombed . . . all while still alive . recap a few thousand years later , where a soldier named rick ( played by brandan fraser ) aids a young historian named evelyn ( played by rachel wiesz ) and her brother , jonathan ( played by john hannah ) in finding the book of amon ra , in the process inadvertently freeing the mummy . problem is that the mummy wants to revive his mistress , using evelyn as a sacrifice . . . walking in with relatively low expectations , i thought this movie was actually pretty good . the visuals and cgi are astounding , and obviously not cheaply done at all . they pack a ton of detail into the images , especially during scenes involving mummies rendered completely by cgi . the computer special effects makes for some brilliant scenes , such as unnerving moments involving flesh-eating scarab beetles and moments where the mummy goes after the people who freed him ( after all , those who took his artifacts are cursed ) . unfortunately , the film attempts to be way too much in such a short span of time , becoming a tug of war for control between genres . on one hand , it is a fast paced action film . on the other , it's a frightening horror film . and on the side , it's a hilarious comedy . ideally , for it to be successful , the film would have to focus on one the more action oriented aspect , with one character serving as the comic relief ( that would be johnson ) . the problem with this film is that it has at least three characters serving as comic relief , with rick occasionally delivering his witty one-liner . if they were trying to make a horror-action-comedy , it would have helped if it were established early on in the film , but unfortunately , with the backstory of imhotep's entombment , that would be impossible . and then there's the slapstick fight scene between a sword-wielding rick and an army of mummies . while really well done , it had the feel of slapstick comedy . replace the sword with a chainsaw and you'd effectively have ash fighting zombies in army of darkness . while entertaining and funny , it feels really out of place . but at least it's a break from the naive heroes that brendan fraser has been playing a lot of . on the whole , the movie is pure popcorn fare from beginning to end , entertaining the audience . but i must end my review with a plea to movie theatre owners . . . turn the sound down ! while a lot of theatres have good sound systems , my ears were almost ringing as i walked out of the theatre ( the sound is particularly irritating and will make you crap your pants if you're not careful ) . when they were showing the trailer for the upcoming schwarzenegger film , " end of days " , it was so loud i couldn't make anything out . 
my filmcritic . com colleague norm schrager nailed session 9 , brad anderson's throwback to spooky horror films from the 70's . it worked as an eerie homage without being self-referential or smugly postmodern . genre aficionados will acknowledge the similarities in tone to stanley kubrick's the shining and george romero's dawn of the dead without being taken out of the engrossing narrative ( i . e . , a psychologically addled waste management team clears out an abandoned lunatic asylum ; unspeakable dread ensues ) . in a double-whammy for 2001 , anderson shoots and ( mostly ) scores again with his eclectic riff on time-travel episodes from the twilight zone , appropriately titled happy accidents . much like session 9 , the cards are played very close to the vest here . is boyish , eccentric " sam deed from dubuque , iowa " a futuristic voyager from the year 2470 or just your run-of-the-mill psychologically disturbed nutcase let loose on the present-day streets of nyc ? as played by wonderful character actor vincent d'onofrio ( full metal jacket ) , it's up in the air whether or not we should accept his detailed monologues about life after the polar ice caps have melted . the question proves to be moot , at least for a time . even if the whole thing proves to be a creative delusion , one agrees with the character judgment passed down on him by his new girlfriend , ruby ( marisa tomei ) : " he's a freak , but he sure tells a good story ! " neurotic ruby thinks she may have found true love after a series of nightmarish dating disasters ( the junkie , the fetishist , the artist , the frenchman , etc . ) , but isn't quite sure how to handle " sam deed " when he starts explaining the barcode on his arm , his elaborately constructed fake identity , his pathological fear of dogs , his ability to speak five different languages , and his mission to change a crucial moment in time that may have ramifications on time's alternate realities . ( don't ask . ) it's all a bit much to take in . ruby's close friend gretchen ( cuz ya can't have a love story without the token friend , though nadia dajani invests the thankless role with warmth ) chalks it up as a sexy role-playing game , but her cautious therapist ( holland taylor ) warns her that co-dependency is rearing its ugly head again and she's in over her head with yet another doomed relationship . who ya gonna believe ? despite her winning an academy award , marisa tomei has always struck me as an annoying and unwelcome screen presence , one that undermines the pleasure of watching happy accidents . her brassy new yawk attitude never really meshes with her desperate desire to appear " cute " to her adoring fans . being loud and flashing a ( disingenuous ) smile does not necessarily equal " substantial and sexy . " it takes more than a crack team of hair and wardrobe people to imbue her with personality . then there's that damned voice , which strains to be oh-so-adorable . look , this stuff is purely subjective . some people feel this way about richard gere , others cannot bear to watch robin williams' hyperactive schtick . for my money , it's m . tomei with a bullet . happy accidents is a romantic comedy filtered through twelve monkeys ( or , more appropriately , chris marker's la jetee , especially with those still framed " memory " photographs anderson employs as a stylistic device throughout ) . modern manhattan is filmed with an otherworldly , vaguely alien eye with a color scheme oddly reminiscent of logan's run . as the stranger in a strange land , d'onofrio walks slightly out-of-step , wonderfully affable but often inscrutable with his wayward expressions and bemused detachment . this is science fiction told mainly via the power of suggestion ( though it often falls into the sci-fi trap of having entirely too much forced exposition -- we want deeds , not words ! ) at least twenty minutes too long , happy accidents eventually gets around to a race-against-time scenario that puts " sam deed " to the ultimate test . no movie can live in ambiguity forever , but anderson seems terminally unable to provide satisfactory conclusions to his otherwise well structured recent narratives . ( let's pretend the loathsome and predictable next stop wonderland never happened , shall we ? ) there are also some slow , repetitive stretches as ruby and sam go over the same arguments again and again over whether or not he's crazy . the premise is strong enough to sustain interest , but it's enough to throw a nod in the general direction of rod serling for wrapping up his ideas in half-hour time slots , commercials included . 
rated r fine line features in english and italian with english subtitles starring thandie newton , david thewlis , claudio santamaria based on a story by james landun written by bernardo bertolucci and clare peploe directed by bernardo bertolucci an old african man plucks a tribal instrument and sings in a scratchy voice . a woman walks alone down a dirt road , then watches her husband get taken away to a military prison . a lonely man sits in an enormous roman home and plays an intense piece he has just composed on the piano . these are but a few of the breathtaking images caught on film in bernardo bertolucci's beautifully made " besieged " . over many years , this italian filmmaker has made a name for himself with exquisite , emotional films such as " the last emperor " and " last tango in paris " . bertolucci's latest film , " besieged " is a work of art if i've ever seen one . the film stars thandie newton , who was robbed of a much-deserved oscar nod for her gritty work in the title role of last year's underappreciated " beloved " , as shandurai , a beautiful black woman working as a maid in the home of lonely pianist mr . kinsky ( david thewlis ) . shandurai's husband has been imprisoned for unkown reasons , and she is learning that mr . kinsky is in love with her . shandurai tries to shy away from men since she is married ( her only friend is homosexual ) , and mr . kinsky doesn't push her . the siege mentioned in the title is a subtle , emotional one . as the film progresses , shandurai feels herself falling into mr . kinsky's trap . there is not much plot to speak of in " besieged " , for it is a collage of incredible images piled on to one another ; each one having ambiguous meaning . the last scene of the film , however , undercuts the satisying buildup , and will leave most viewers out in the dark . " besieged " is a cold film , but an engrossing one . bertolucci's attention to detail creates a vivid motion picture . but as i left the theatre , i couldn't help but want to know more about each character's background . shandurai's dark past is barely hinted at , and mr . kinsky has no story at all . there is such a serious drought of dialogue in this film , that i'm sure quentin tarantino could have made this entire screenplay into a 5 minute film . but bernardo bertolucci's swift hand and fabio cianchetti's lucid camerawork keep " besieged " real . the very special thing about this movie is that i'm sure 10 people could walk out of it with entirely different opinions of each aspect . if you like films that are unabashedly artsy , then " besieged " was made just for you . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
director : roger spottiswoode writer : bruce feirstein starring : pierce brosnan , jonathan pryce , michelle yeoh , teri hatcher , ricky jay , goetz otto , judi dench , desmond llewelyn , joe don baker , vincent shiavelli , samantha bond the bond series is an island in the film world ; where else would we look forward to cliches , and all of the other things that occur in most of these films ? where else would pure escapism , a vulnerable hero , the " talking villains , " blatant product placement , predictable action sequences , and lots of promiscuity be hoped for instead of a significant change ? i don't understand it myself , but that's what the bond series is based on . for ( i think ) 18 films , we've mostly got the same thing over and over again , with some variation ( and a bit of change , most notably in the two dalton films ) . but even i , a king of cynicism , can't bitch about it . and " tomorrow never dies , " the ( again , i think ) eighteenth bond film , and second brosnan bond film , is no exception . thank god ! the plot , as in most of them , is pure balderdash , but seems to have a nice kind of edge to it . instead of just plain billionaire psychotics , we get a rupert murdoch-esque media mogul/psychotic - elliot carver ( jonathan pryce , looking bitching with a white-haired cru cut , and always talking like he's out of breath ) , who has the admittingly ingenius idea of getting ratings by creating a war . no , this is not " wag the dog " - he wants a real war , between china and england , and is stupid enough to put the coverage out before anyone else discovered it . . . in comes bond . james is sent all around the world , trying to do research on carver , fighting with his men , and running into ( on more than one occasion ) a chinese secret agent like him : wai lin ( michelle yeoh , asian action star extraordinaire . . . and co-star of " supercop , " nearly stealing the screen from jackie chan in that one ) . the two eventually , and predictably of course , begin working together , and yes , there is some sexual tension between the two . luckily , their relationship is never strained , and she never gives into his cassanova-ness until the finale . thank god again . in every bond film , james bags , on average , three women ( sometimes more , sometimes less - the latter being more potent towards the aids-cautionary dalton ) , and he doesn't spoil this one ( though we never see them , of course - i mean , they need to stay around a pg-13 rating ) . there's always one at the beginning with some chick we never see again , the big bond girl ( yeoh ) , and this time we have an almost-cameo by teri hatcher as carver's wife , paris , who , it seems , was once one of the girls he bags at the beginning . yes , teri's very attractive , but she seems kind of dull . of course , it's not really her fault ; her part is under-written , and she's only in a small part of it . oh well . and there are always the big henchmen , the guys who do the dirty work for the polished big villains . this time we get a tall , arian-looking ( not to mention robert shaw in " from russia with love " -looking ) guy named stamper ( goetz otto ) , who is pretty awesome , although a bit stiff ( well , mostly his posture , really ) . and for a bit of comedy , we get a cameo from vincent shiavelli as a german or austrian assassin who is ordered to do in bond at one point . the government people have small parts , as usual , with q ( desmond llewelyn , looking near death , sadly ) getting only one scene ( in a more grouchy mood than usual ) , and m ( judi dench ) , getting more than m usually gets ( i mean , it is judi dench ) . and for no reason whatsoever , except 'cause he was so good in " goldeneye , " joe don baker shows up again as wade , admitting he has no reason for being there , and is this time more annoying . again , oh well . the action sequences are not a let-down , although sometimes go on too long . they pop up every now and then , mainly because they have to ( for the sake of the series ) , and some significant ones are the opening one , one in a garage with a bmw that runs on remote control , and a motorcylce chase ( on a bmw cycle , nonetheless ) through china streets ( or was it vietnam . . . the plot's not really essential ) . they're more high-tech , and feature much more laughs , which , yeah , i dig . so what if they're distracting ; they're supposed to be ! the acting , from most around is great . yeoh is , actually , one of the better bond girls , mainly because she's so unique . the better bond girls are more independent , and have a certain wily-ness to them . pussy galore , with her homoerotic undertones and all , is one of the best , and diana rigg , who married bond at the end of " on her majesty's secret service " only to be killed , added some emotional depth . yeoh is notable since she's so active , and has great chemistry with brosnan . pryce is an awesome villain , being slimy and lovable at the same time . and brosnan is , once again , the mack daddy . the bond series is built on cliches , mainly because they're so fun and add to the escapism . if you can remember the dalton years , and they're serious direction , you remember how unsuccessful they were , both financially and aesthetically . the series would falter if bogged down with too much plot , too many themes , and too much characterization . i don't really understand it myself , yet i'm one of the bigger fans of the series in the northeast united states . having seen all of them more than once ( yes , i've seen this twice already ) , you can tell i adore them . while it's not one of the best , like " goldfinger " or " from russia with love , " " tomorrow never dies " is nonetheless a truly awesome installment , even if not being as fully amazing as some of the better ones . 
1998 , r , 115 minutes [1 hour , 55 minutes]starring : matt damon ( mike mcdermott ) ; edward norton ( worm ) ; john turturro ( kanish ) ; john malkovich ( teddy kgb ) ; written by david levien , brian koppelman ; produced by ted demme , joel stillerman ; directed by john dahl . seen september 13 , 1998 at 4 p . m at rotterdam square mall cinema 6 , theater #2 , with chris wessell for free using my sony/loews critic's pass . [theater rating :  : good seats , average sound , picture unstable] " rounders " is exactly the kind of movie parents don't want their kids to see . it's not that it's a drunken orgy of sex and violence , but because it's a film that flat-out says you can make a career out of gambling . and to take make things " worse " it proves this through its original , fascinating story . there have been countless crime films both past and present that evoke the " noir " mood , that is , the dark , shady atmosphere where the vices of the world become more fascinating on screen than they would in real life . this film starts off in the tradiational noir style , introducing us to the underworld of modern gambling where the stakes are high and so is the price for losing . matt damon stars as mike mcdermott , a 20-something law student in present-day new york city who tells us how the game of poker is really played . damon narrates throughout the film , but the entire opening scene is voiced-over so perfectly to completely and totally define the setting . mike's about to go up against teddy kgb ( malkovich ) , a russian gangster who looks like a serial killer . but then again , he practically is one and the film does everything to convey that sense - the look in his eyes , his slow movements , his intricate mannerisms - all combined with the classic noir cinematography of isolated brightness within the darkness of the underworld ( literally ) . damon in the flesh might seem a little out of place with his expensive clothes and perfectly-groomed features , but his narration is what brings it all together . he never sounds like he's reading from a script , nor that he's trying to embellish anything , it just comes natural to him . the screenwriters use the right words and phrases to describe the mood , from the smell of the air , to the logic involved in reading the other guys' faces and cards , and all without sounding remotely trite . immediately we get the sense that poker isn't for gamblers , but for near- geniuses with nerves of steel . the game is a quiet war , with strategies just as complex and the same sense of honor among the soldiers . the gangsters mike plays against are the same ones that might kill someone for scratching their car , but when it comes to the game of poker , all respect is due to the winner because he is truly the better man . the film does an excellent job in establishing its atmosphere during the first act . it concentrates so much in this aspect that the background and the progression of the story stumble a bit . we learn only a little about mike , both past and present . presently we know he has a girlfriend named jo ( gretchen mol ) who he constantly argues with over his gambling . they go through a few break-up/make-up cycles until mike's childhood pal and fellow rounder " worm " ( norton ) is released from prison . it's not at all surprising worm owes thousand of dollars to the mob , but what is surprising is how the film is able to take such a predictable element and execute it the way it does . technically , the plot isn't unlike many children's sitcoms in which the " good " kid's " bad " friend gets the good kid in trouble and yet the good kid remains friends with the bad kid . what this film does is use a different medium to tell that story . mike and worm have been in over their heads their entire lives , but both share a passion for out-thinking the other player who is trying to do the same to them . where as worm prefers to go the sleazy route of cheating ( hence his jail time ) , mike always takes the cards he's dealt and works with them . sometimes they pay off ( i . e . his ability to pay his way through law school on his gambling money ) , but other times they don't ( i . e . the fact he takes himself out of the game and works a steady job after dropping $30 , 000 on a single hand ) . once things start happening the film is able to expand and develop its plot into an intricate web of detail and mood . mike and worm bob and weave through all kinds of games at all kinds of places , from socialites' mansions , to taking the tourists at atlantic city , to outwitting the gangsters that control it all . everything they come into contact with is a big poker game in that everything's a battle against the cards destiny deals . one scene demonstrates this perfectly in which mike is told by a judge ( martin landou , in a perfectly cast and performed role ) that destiny is everything and yet nothing at the same time . matt's good at gambling but he's also got potential to be a great lawyer . he could go professional as either , but with one he could lose everything or win big , but with the other there's stability but not much risk involved . can someone who's gambled his entire life really cash in his chips and leave ? if the film had been just a subtle lesson in poker-playing , then the ending is our test . everything is told from mike's perspective , but we're finally able to recognize some things on our own . this makes the final , against-all- odds showdown seem like just that . it works just like the game it revolves around - showing us some of the cards , but still evokes the element of the unknown , and the consequences thereof . what separates " rounders " from most other films about games is the fact the challenge and the skills are more important than winning in the end . please visit chad'z movie page at : http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz - over 200 new and old films reviewed in depth , not just blind ratings and quick capsules . 
directed by jim abrahams , david zucker , and jerry zucker running time : 88 minutes originally released : 1980 airplane ! is considered among many to be the epitome of satire film-making . after all , it's brought to us by one of the best known satire writing/directing teams . even if most people don't recognize the names behind the films , they are bound to recognize the titles : airplane ! , top secret , the naked gun , and hot shots to name a few . but although the zucker/abrahams/zucker team was first introduced with the kentucky fried movie in 1977 , airplane ! remains the true cornerstone of their work , and their directorial debuts . in the seventies , disaster films seemed to be at an all time high . films like earthquake , the towering inferno , and the poseidon adventure were big hits . there was also a series about the disasters that can arise when traveling by plane - a series that spanned the entire decade . and so , in 1980 , we were introduced to a new airplane disaster film . this time the disaster had nothing to do with a maniacal hijacker or crashing into the ocean . . . it had to do with bad fish . airplane ! is the story of ted striker ( robert hays ) - an ex-fighter-pilot who has never gotten over the fact that a decision he had to make in the midst of war led to the death of six , er , seven comrades . unable to stop living in the past , ted's world fell apart . he spent his time moving from city to city without ever having a stable job , and eventually , as we begin this film , is getting dumped by his lover , flight attendant elaine dickinson ( julie hagerty ) . in a desperate attempt not to lose her , ted buys a ticket for the same flight elaine is working . unfortunately , she is unsympathetic and even criticizes ted for following her , which leaves him wallowing in self-pity . in the midst of it all , something happens . someone gets sick . then another . then another . soon , the whole plane is full of deathly-ill chicago-bound people . . . and when the pilots get sick ( played by peter graves , kareem abdul-jabbar , and frank ashmore ) , who will save the day ? ( gee , i wonder ) of course the main draw here is the non-stop " whiz-bang " comedy , with a hefty dose of both visual and spoken gags . although i had seen this movie a few times before , i was still laughing thru the entire thing . the most fun character by far is the doctor , played by leslie nielsen . he's a dry , subtle , sterotypically straight-faced doctor that ends up saying some of the funniest lines of the film . in a film like this , you're not really expecting an elaborate production , so one can't complain about the amateurish quality . what you can complain about is the absolutely annoying johnny , played by stephen stucker . this character is pointless , nauseating , and very unfunny . i don't know why he was put in there , and i don't think anybody will find a good excuse . and when the film nears an end , it slows down quite a bit , almost getting old . you gotta give it to a movie that only runs 88 minutes and can feel two hours long . aside from that , airplane ! is really a top-notch spoof that will likely forever be known as a spoof classic . it would be a good choice to pop in the vcr with a group of friends , especially if they haven't seen it . and if they ask what the plot is , just tell 'em " it's a synopsis of the basic storyline of the film , but that's not important right now . " if you've seen the film , you'll understand ; - ) 
" psycho meets the exorcist with no holds barred " . a blurb like that sounds like desperate publicity for some low budget , third rate rip-off . but no , this tacky plug comes from the poster for suspiria , perhaps italian horror director dario argento's most consistently successful film . what impresses most in re-watching this surrealistic , supernatural thriller is that argento's directorial flair and stylish visuals are matched by a near-fully coherent narrative . screenplays have always been his achilles heel ; confusing subplots , gaping holes , totally illogical incidents and reactions . no question : argento has always been a better director than a writer . fortunately , he gets the plotting pretty well right with suspiria , taking his cue from a book by thomas de quincey called " suspiria de profundis " . the film's storyline suffers from no major lapses in logic , provided one can accept the premise of a ballet school being a front for a coven of witches . jessica harper plays an american who travels to germany to further her studies in dance . arriving at the school late at night in driving rain , she sees a girl leave and run into the storm in a clearly distressed state . what happens next - and i don't make the comparison lightly - is a murder sequence that for intensity , shock value and sheer directorial flair ranks alongside alfred hitchcock's infamous shower scene in psycho . it's quite possibly a homage to hitchcock , but with its baroque sets , graphic gore and brilliantly chaotic musical accompaniment by the gothic rock group goblin , this stunning sequence remains very much argento's own . though nothing else quite equals the intensity of suspiria's opening 15 minutes , the film continues to be never anything less than engrossing as harper begins her own investigations and slowly comes to realise this is no ordinary ballet school . we meet an assortment of slightly sinister characters , most notably the head ballet teacher played by alida valli in another one of those delicious sour-old-matriarch-from-hell roles she does so well . several more violent murders ensue , including a startling scene in a deserted square where a blind man is . . . well , i wouldn't want to spoil things now , would i ? and the film's climax , staged amid secret corridors and hidden rooms , has a gothic ghoulishness that's most impressive . the english language versions of most argento movies usually suffer trimming , and not just for the violence - deep red and phenomena , for example , have been appallingly hacked about . fortunately , the cuts to suspiria ( about 7 minutes in this version ) have not adversely affected the film . the dubbing of the italian actors into english is quite competently done , too , excepting one appalling and unintentionally hilarious effort with a conversation between harper and a professor about the history of witchcraft in the region . and the soundtrack ? it is interesting to imagine what power the film would have lost if it had been scored by someone else . as it stands , the use of goblin's music in suspiria is outstanding . apparently , argento played the soundtrack on location while filming so the actors could hear the music as they acted out their parts . a stereo video player adds greatly to the viewer's overall experience . even better , see suspiria in a cinema , where you'll get the added bonus of widescreen . and the colours ! deep reds , eerie blues , a superb use of shadow and contrast . the cinematography of luciano tovoli , whose more recent credits include reversal of fortune and single white female , is uniformly superb . a nod also must go to production designer giuseppe bassan for his wonderful baroque interiors . these kinds of settings are crucial to the atmosphere of argento's more surreal excursions , the other most notable example being inferno ( 1980 ) on which bassan also worked . suspiria is the film that broke dario argento into the major league of european directors , and it is fully deserving of its cult status . the gore is at times a little excessive and overstated - that's always been one of argento's shortcomings - but overall this is a fascinating , compelling example of italian horror . 
love and death on long island ( canada-uk , 1997 ) 1/3 directed and written by richard kwietniowski , based on the novel by gilbert adair . photography , oliver curtis . production design , david mchenry . editing , susan shipton , music , the insects , richard grassby-lewis . cast : john hurt ( giles de'ath ) , jason priestley ( ronnie bostock ) , fiona loewi ( audrey ) , sheila hancock ( housekeeper mrs . barker ) , maury chaikin ( irving buckmiller ) , gawn grainger ( henry ) , elizabeth quinn ( mrs . reed ) , linda busby ( mrs . abbott ) , bill leadbitter ( eldridge ) , ann reid ( maureen ) . a lions gate release . 93 minutes . pg-13 the source novel by talented british writer and film critic gilbert adair was a rather parodistic reworking of the thomas mann novella " death in venice " told in the first person . writer-director kwietniowski ( london-born in 1957 ) reworked that reworking intelligently , sympathetically , with a strong sense of visuals , editing and benevolent irony . before this , he had made about six gay-themed short films shown in several festivals . " ldli , " his first feature , at the 1997 cannes fesival , received a nomination for a golden camera and a special mention , as did john hurt , from the international critics association . john hurt is present in just about every scene . the thespian has a marvelous track record , mostly in roles as different from one another as they are from deja vu . among them , in " a man for all seasons , " " midnight express , " " the elephant man " ( title role ) , " 1984 , " " the hit , " " white mischief , " " scandal , " " rob roy . " he looks like no one else and can act like nobody's business . now in his late 50s , he has the age of giles de'ath in " love and death on long island . " british writer de'ath lives in contemporary london but not in this century . a widower ( significantly , his wife was older than he , and they had no children ) , he inhabits a world of books in a posh , old-fashioned apartment where his housekeeper follows the man's clockwork routines without intruding into his reclusive habits . he gives no interviews , but when he is finally talked into an appearance on bbc-radio , it is hilarious . giles is befuddled by the questions , the interviewer by the replies . de'ath is truly out of the 20th century in every way . " do you use a word processor ? " " i am a writer " he snaps , " i write words , i do not process them . " not that he has the foggiest about what a processor is . or even a typewriter . a notation in the bbc ledger shows us just two words about the man : " fogey " and " cult . " this nagged me throughout the movie . if giles has not a clue about life-at-large , we don't have any about the kind of writing he does ; or why he is a figure in the literary establishment ; or what kind of cult surrounds him , and why . nonetheless , giles is a hoot . the radio interviewer had pointed out to giles , who had not been to the pictures in ages , that films have been made of the novels by e . m . forster . later , locked out of his apartment and caught in the rain , giles notices such a film on a movie-house marquee and goes in . but unaware that there are such innovations as multiplexes , he wanders into an american teen flick , " hotpants college 2 . " with comic slowness it dawns on him that " this is not forster . " he stands up to leave , but sees on the screen a young performer ( jason priestley ) and is entranced by him . giles gets a " coup de foudre , " his first ever love-at-first-sight and undoubtedly his first love ever , at any sight . the heart is a mysterious thing . a major fixation is born . the besotted writer sees the picture again , acting at the box-office like the traditonal , funny kid who wants to buy condoms in a drugstore . tracking down the name of the actor ( it is ronnie bostock ) in comically awkward ways , he loads up on teen magazines which he buys and disposes of as though they were pornography . he reads and memorizes all about ronnie , starts a cut-and-paste " bostockiana " album . giles further enters pop culture by renting ( more comedy here ) all the bostock videos possible . he purchases a video-player , after first mistaking microwave ovens for such machines , has it delivered by a stupefied young man who explains to giles' surprise that a tv set is required to watch the tapes . passion escalates . after more research , howlers and howl-making episodes , giles takes off for the usa , to the long island village where ronnie and his supermodel girlfriend audrey live by the sea . giles , the innocent at home , becomes the innocent abroad . but by now , the comic tone of the first part acquires a lining of pathos , though without losing various funny delights . the second , american ( though shot in canada ) half , has giles take a room in a motel where mostly couples meet furtively ; be obsessed by his wanting to meet ronnie ; resort to a series of investigations and stalkings that involve everything , from ronnie's dog , his porsche ragtop to giles' becoming a regular at the greasy spoonish establishment owned by irv . it is called " chez d'irv , " which somehow sounds like " chef d'oeuvre " ( french for " masterpiece " ) --a most unlikely bilingual pun , given irv's simple-mindedness love is the mother of inventions . the hitherto very low-key giles goes energetically through loops and hoops , contrives a supermarket " accident " to meet audrey , turns on the charm , makes friends with her while waiting for ronnie to return from california . finally , he meets him . de'ath's task is vastly aided by the small community --including the young couple-- being one of naive people with little or no culture . no denizen had ever heard of de'ath , perhaps even of literature . but all are hugely impressed by having an english author in their midst . dull , duller , dullest giles becomes an exotic creature . it reminds me a bit of the newly rich vulgarians who mistake bob hope for an earl in " fancy pants . " hurt's performance is probably his best , along with his quentin crisp in " the naked civil servant . " in speech , expressivity , body language , timing , he is impeccably in character , ludicrous and absurd yet believable , quasi farcical yet touching . wide-eyed priestley , sporting elvis sideburns that make him look even dimmer , performs with restraint a persona that's partly an un-blatant send-off of his " beverly hills 90210 " heartthrob , partly that of a young actor who confusedly feels that there are things to do higher than his teen-junk movie roles . the ground is fertile for giles to lay on with a trowel compliments , bold and bald statements about ronnie's talents and potential , the imaginary film script giles is writing for him . all this , of course , leads to implanting the idea that things can go better , not with coke but with de'ath as a mentor . to what extent giles believes what he says remains an open question . ronnie's is a supporting role to giles' and audrey's ( well played by a relative newcomer ) is one level below this . the balance of the cast are sub-supporters to the top trio , yet all appearances , down to the tiniest , are sharply sketched out . throughout the film , kwietniowski also fleshes out ambiances through light , economical , amusing touches in the peripherals , from tv watching to weather predictions , not to mention telephone answering machines or faxes . november's attraction to may is something common . so is the mismatched attraction of persons widely separated by social class , taste , intellect , culture . examples abound in movies , from somerset maugham's novel " of human bondage " ( the good version was filmed with leslie howard and bette davis ) to " citizen kane " and beyond . in the case of " love and death " all this acquires new twists and an outcome that i cannot disclose . but i can reveal that there is no sex , there are no caricatures . instead , we get heartfelt sentiment and much humor at the expense of the nadirs of pop culture , teen adulation , as well as of stuffy " high art . " no closure in its fullest sense comes at the end . certain things are left in the air , with an upbeat last-moment hint about giles . there is audience manipulation here , since the title's " death " is a red herring . the name de'ath ( pronounced deh as in irish or italian names ) does really exist , but used without the apostrophe , it suggests to the unprepared public dire events rather than a verbal joke . i'll grant you though that it is a good mnemonic device . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
cast : kim novak , james garner , tony randall , howard morris , howard duff , oskar homolka i love this movie , and i've just seen for the umptenth time . unfortunately , it is also completly unknown and very few have seen it . it's my mission in life to spread the word : see this movie ! fred , george , doug and howie are reaching middleage . three of them have a wife , kids and a house in the suburb with a mortgage to pay . only fred is still a bachelor . together they take the local train every morning to work in town . on one of their organized thursday evenings at a bar , fred tells them of his boss and the arrangements he has made to keep a mistress . he has gotten an apartment in downtown where he can meet her but has told his wife that he needs the apartment to spend the night after staff meetings every thursday night . since they always split everything four ways , they decide that they should get an apartment with a young woman as well , kathy . however , kathy isn't completly honest to them . in fact , she is a sociology student writing a thesis about the sex life of the suburban male . with these four species she believes that she will make a very good paper . ok , have one thing clear though . the romantic rendezvous' between kathy and each of the men are completly innocent . the script stays above the waist - or to be precise , above the neck . noboyd claims that kathy is their mistress , the four guys call her their 'companion' . the censorship board here in sweden considered it to be suitable only for people above 15 years , but that only shows how long ago 1962 was . small children could watch this without being corrupted . kim novak is as lovely as always in this movie , even if she seems to be a bit too old for a student . james garner is the playboy just like in many other movies . i liked howard morris the best as howard the accountant who has to diet to support his wife . tony randall is funny as always . 1962 was more than 35 years ago . how many accountants , copywriters or investment bankers can today afford to live in a house in the suburb with a lot of kids and a wife who does not work ? this is the white middle class , i can't remember that i saw any blacks on the commuter train they use . these are the people who can count on their kids to live an even better life than themselves . perhaps this should also be a subject for a thesis in movie sociology ? 
the jekyll and hyde story told from his maid's point of view is , in a word , " dark " . you wouldn't expect something bright and cheery based on robert louis stevenson's novel , but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal . jekyll/hyde ( john malkovich ) is terminally depressed and desperate . mary reilly ( julia roberts ) is a victim of monstrous child abuse and the anti-woman sentiment of the times . director stephen fears' version of the london slums makes us marvel that anyone survived them . the lighting level is exceedingly low throughout the movie : it almost appears to be filmed in black and white . the direction and cinematography are brilliant and liquid . scenes flow into the next scene like honey oozing off a strawberry . ( except there's no red , of course . ) the look is so moody and melodramatic that you'll be shocked when you leave the theater . i saw it at a matinee and took quite a while to adjust to the sunny skies afterward . often the jekyll and hyde archetypes are viewed as splitting a whole person into components of good and evil or perhaps cerebral and emotional parts . here the doctor is intellectual and perhaps good , but certainly powerless . his alter ego is forceful and totally without conscience . two parts that make up a whole . neither are capable of functioning without the other and once separated , disaster is inevitable . the differences between the two characters would be more effective if it were accomplished by demeanor and attitude . when we finally see the transformation , the special effects thrust the story into the realm of science fiction , not the psychological horror that the tale demands . roberts and malkovich are skillful in their roles . both are suitably melancholy , fitting in with the rest of the film . the only flash of life and color comes from glenn close ( and her lips ) as the madam of a whorehouse where hyde lives , and surprisingly , jekyll apparently frequents . life and color maybe , but this is not close's best role . she seems little more than a cardboard cutout character . a beautiful film in its own dreary way . you'll appreciate the filmmaking craft , but don't expect to leave in an upbeat mood . [this appeared in the 2/25 " bloomington voice " , bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be contacted a redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
it seemed wholly appropriate that at a weekend screening of " the horse whisperer , " the start of the film was delayed some twenty minutes due to " projection difficulties . " robert redford's film version of nicholas evans' best-selling novel was supposed to have been in theaters last december , going head-to-head with " titanic , " but is only now making its much anticipated debut . this ( strategic ? ) delay has allowed " the horse whisperer " to compete , sans fanfare , against some smaller , unassuming movies during a relatively slower time at the box office . no matter . redford's film stands head and shoulders above james cameron's ocean-going tragedy , especially in the writing and acting departments . whatever the reasons for its postponement , " the horse whisperer " supports the old adage " better late than never . " redford has taken evans' book and given it the big screen treatment . while parts of " the horse whisperer " are epic in scope and vision , especially the aerial " travelogue " that maps out this great country of ours , its real strength lies in the subtleties it uses to paint the fragile alliance between man and beast . when her daughter , grace , is involved in a terrible riding accident , hard-driven fashion editor annie maclean ( kristin scott thomas ) devotes herself to rehabilitating both grace and grace's beloved horse , pilgrim . refusing to have the hideously disfigured animal put down , annie researches every possible source of information about equine cures before discovering an article about a faith-healing cowboy of sorts called tom booker ( redford ) , who has a way with horses and , perhaps , with people too . undeterred by tom's initial reluctance to get involved , annie drives grace and a sedated pilgrim across country to meet him , and finally persuades tom to work with the uncontrollable animal . redford's film unfolds slowly and lovingly , echoing the patience required in healing both physical and psychological wounds . the film's a little long and , even if you haven't read the book , it's pretty obvious where it's heading--but these are minor complaints . redford and thomas are strong and convincing as the couple drawn by a mutual affection for the great outdoors and each other , but it's scarlett johansson as grace who shines in a more difficult role . dianne wiest , chris cooper ( " lone star " ) , and sam neill--better than i've seen him before--round out the respectable supporting cast . and the director's respect for horses is clearly in evidence . one word of warning , however : while brilliantly shot , the accident scene , involving an out-of-control truck , is extremely disturbing . redford's canvas is huge and exquisite . he doesn't hesitate to incorporate vast , sprawling vistas of the american northwest : spectacular , snow-capped mountain ranges , azure skies , and shimmering fields of wheat--all are resplendent in cinematographer robert richardson's viewfinder . veteran english composer john barry was originally signed to score the film but left the project which is a pity , since " the horse whisperer " is " dances with wolves " by way of " out of africa " ( oscar winners both for barry ) . fortunately , barry's replacement , thomas newman , contributes a fine score that nicely balances the majesty of montana with the delicate , human conditions--sonorous , string-laden passages that swell with pride playing counterpoint to more poetic , introspective movements ripe with nuance . " the horse whisperer " is that rare kind of movie : it looks good , it feels good , and by golly it does you good . the wait , it turns out , was well worth it . 
 scream 2 , like its predecessor , is a genre-crossing film . it is about 50% horror film and 50% murder mystery . the mix worked very well last time and it continues to entertain this time . scream was also known for its self-referential tone . many inside jokes were made in reference to horror movies and wes craven . again , scream 2 follows suit with characters saying such things as " sequels suck " and " the entire horror genre was destroyed by sequels . " scream 2's story is very similar to it's predecessor's . sidney ( neve campbell ) , having survived the killing spree in scream , is now in college . gale weathers ( courteney cox ) has written a book about the murders and that book is now being released as a feature film , called stab ( which for all practical purposes is the real-world movie scream ) . at the premiere of stab , two students from sidney's college are stabbed to death , and a new story begins . the press descends on sidney and her college to get the scoop on this sequel killer . they want to know all about the links between stab , sidney , and the recent murders . the most complex self-reference i saw ( this should be an olympic event ) was the scene where gale weathers was asking questions at a press conference . the rest of the press was watching and videotaping weathers . the other survivors from scream were watching and videotaping the press . the audience was watching the whole , filmed scene . ( whew . ) the movie is packed with layers and self-references that make it a pleasure to watch . even better would be to watch a double feature of scream and scream 2 . that's not to say that these references necessarily make scream 2 a deep , or even a good movie . the just add to the fun of watching it . i recommend it for other reasons as well . what i liked best about the horror aspect of the movie is that the monster is not supernatural . no werewolf or ghost or psycho with superhuman strength is responsible . it is a person in a mask and a robe , his only advantage the fear he strikes into his victims . no extraordinary leap of faith is needed to believe in the killer . the down side is that if you are frightened by horror movies , you have less grounds to say " it's just a movie . " the whodunit aspect of the movie is not that great by itself - gale weathers and deputy dewey ( david arquette , also from the original ) track down a killer . they are likeable , but not outstanding . but in combination with the horror aspect , the whodunit is a perfect counterpoint . it was exactly a year ago today that i wrote the review for scream . the internet movie database says that scream 3 is in the works , so i wonder if i'll be doing the same thing on january 1 , 1999 . if craven and screenwriter kevin williamson are able to keep the quality high , i'll be happy to mark my calendar . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
as with his other stateside releases , jackie chan's latest chopsocky vehicle , mr . nice guy , is contrived , blockheaded , and lacking in narrative logic . but also like those other films , it is a highly enjoyable ride . once again , chan's screenwriters ( here edward tang and fibe ma ) have taken the easy way out and named their star's character simply jackie , with no last name . this jackie is a world-class chef who co-hosts a popular cooking show on australian television . of course , jackie also happens to be a talented martial artist , and these skills come in handy when he becomes involved in an ambitious reporter's ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) expose of a drug dealing ring . other plot details , involving a videotape and a biker gang , are irrelevant ; in fact , as is the case with most chan films , the plot itself is just about irrelevant . the sole purpose of mr . nice guy's existence are chan's comic fight scenes , and those here do not disappoint . director samo hung ( who has a cameo role ) , a longtime collaborator of chan's , does not waste any time putting chan in action , diving head-on into a wild chase/fight/shootout after a brief cooking show prologue . other impressive set pieces follow , most notably a chase in a mall , which directly leads to some frenzied , if cliched ( can you say fruit cart ? ) , business involving a runaway carriage ; and an extended late-film sequence at a construction site , in which a hilarious pursuit through a maze of blue doors culminates in some exciting fights involving boards , cement mixers , and a deadly buzzsaw . none of the action sequences in mr . nice guy are as spectacular as supercop's thrilling helicopter-train finale or rumble in the bronx's daring leap between two buildings ; nor is anything as inventive as the ladder fight or air tunnel climax in first strike and operation condor , respectively . but the action delivers , even if the energy peters out before the film's end ( the finale , as spectacular as it is , is a letdown for fans of chan's athletic prowess ) . filmed almost entirely in english ( even so , the voices of some english-speaking actors are laughably dubbed ) , mr . nice guy hints at jackie chan's latest transition to hollywood productions ( he made ill-fated attempts with 1980's the big brawl and 1985's the protector ) ; next in the pipeline is rush hour , a stateside production co-starring chris tucker . hopefully that film will be a mere diversion in tinseltown , and chan will continue with exuberant hong kong productions such as mr . nice guy , for his unique charm and reckless abandon are sure to be diluted by american hands , much like they have been before . 
" southpark : bigger , longer , uncut " before it runs out of steam toward the end , southpark ( which incidentally was cut to secure an r-rating ) is the funniest film of the year . by default ; there haven¹t been many comedies , and certainly none this unabashedly obscene . and , right from the start , you know you¹re in the hands of a couple filmmakers with a keen sense of humor , as kyle , stan , cartman and kenny head off to " a foreign film from canada " , via an hilarious disney rip-off show tune called " mountain town " . iconoclasm in place ; politics are next . the kids can¹t get into the new terrance and phillip film , because it is r-rated ( for good reason ) and they¹re underage . tip , if you find yourself in a similar predicament : bribe the local bum , and no movie or ratings restriction is unbeatable . good thing they get in , too , as the incessantly profane five minutes we see next are a riot , full of as many fart noises and œf¹ words as i¹ve seen in that short a time . then comes the hook : comedy central can¹t run " southpark " in all its glory . so , once the boys leave their three-hour marathon of more bad language than they know what to do with , bigger , longer , is caution-to-the-wind cursing . not more than a lot of other r-rated films from , say , martin scorcese ­ like most people seem to be obsessing about ­ mind you . but , still ; the creativity with which these small fries spout about is , ah , a might off-setting . which takes only a few minutes to desensitize us to what we¹re hearing ; i mean , really , you hear ten mutterings of " pig-fucker " or " shit-smeller " ( i may be a little inaccurate with those examples , but you get it ) , and you¹ve heard a lifetime . so , just being crude wouldn¹t be enough . no , series creators trey parker and matt stone are not ones to rest on their considerable laurels , and thus , this southpark feature goes a step or two further with a clever storyline : the parents of our four young anti-heroes are shocked by their newfound vocabulary . a scapegoat is needed , but whom . canadians , of course . war is declared , terrance and phillip are taken hostage and their public execution planned out , and cartman ­ following his humorous ditty , " kyle¹s mom¹s a bitch " , sung by members of several different nationalities ­ gets a chip put in his head that prevents further use of foul language through shock treatment . in the meantime , kenny suffers his usual death , goes to hell , where satan and sadam hussein are lovers , and satan is a big softie and wants to be able to communicate with his partner instead of just having sex all the time . but , nevermind . southpark is entertaining , on top of being sleazy , and that is to be commended . because it didn¹t have to be as good as it is , and who knew . there are a fewš scratch that , way too many songs ( some funny , some blah ) , and that¹s why i say the film wears out its welcome . before that happens , though , chances are you won¹t laugh more during any other movie this summer than you will , here . highlights : winona ryder¹s performance with a ping-pong ball ; the untimely murder of bill gates ; that " uncle fucker " song from asses of fire ( oh . . my . . god ) ; cartman¹s improvisational use of his neural implant , to save the day . and , needless to say , getting to see the true face of kenny ; can¹t beat that . 
susan granger's review of " the closet " ( miramax films ) in this hilarious french farce , a shy , boring accountant ( daniel auteil ) named francois pignon discovers he's going to be fired from his job at a condom factory . lonely and distraught , he contemplates suicide . but then he runs into belone ( michel aumont ) , an elderly homosexual neighbor , who suggests a " sex discrimination " lawsuit to intimidate management . as evidence , belone concocts provocative photographs of pignon locked in a leather-clad embrace with another man and mails them anonymously to pignon's boss . when the racy snapshots start circulating around the factory , not only does pignon get his job back but he suddenly finds himself the focus of attention as an openly gay man . his lusty supervisor ( michele laroque ) is so intrigued that she wonders if , perhaps , she could change his sexual preferences . even his ex-wife ( alexandra vandernoot ) and indifferent teenage son ( stanislas crevillen ) drop their disdain . but not everyone is enchanted . a mucho macho co-worker felix ( gerard depardieu ) , a self-righteous homophobe , is stunned and repulsed when he's forced by the pr director ( thierry lhermite ) to grovel and court pignon's friendship or risk losing his own job . writer/director francis verber artfully milks the farcical comedy as he dissects the hypocrisy of political correctness , veering off-track only occasionally into pedophilia . daniel auteuil ( " the widow of saint-pierre " ) is delightful - particularly with a blown-up condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the closet " is a frankly sexual , adult 8 . it's so clever , in fact , that hollywood is already planning to re-make it in english , like " la cage aux folles . " 
for those who associate italian cinema with fellini and " high art , " the son's room is an inventive , subtle alternative . written by , directed , and starring nanni moretti , it takes us through the slow , complicated path of bereavement . slow is the best description for the film at first . it takes its time in establishing the habits of what appears to be a normal , happy family . father and mother both work but still find the time to support their son and daughter through homework and after school activities . they laugh , spend free time together , and reprimand the kids for innocent wrongs with a sigh and soft pat on the shoulder . you get the feeling there is open communication and unconditional love amongst the foursome . but suddenly , the son is found to be dead after a diving accident . the family dynamics begin an unpredictable descent that gives the narrative strength when you least expect it , but can also be trying on the attention span . though the film drags and even repeats itself , this can be somewhat excused as influenced by the process of grieving . though nanni moretti wore several hats for this production , it doesn't come across as a vanity piece . one might wish he hadn't picked the profession of analyst for the father , giovanni ( which he stars as ) , if only because this makes his character's reactions so predictable . what saves it is a well written script , with spare dialogue and an eclectic variety of human interaction . the potency of the film lies in the recreation of the tiny details of everyday life that alter due to the death of a close relative , or that remind a depressed person of loss . you start to take notice of the cracked dishes , ignored when familial bliss was in full swing . you remember bonding during the routine jogs around the block , and not necessarily huge events like graduation . even better are the role reversals that take place within the household . while giovanni and paola ( laura morante ) do check up on their daughter irene ( jasmine trinca ) , there is a sense of being on autopilot . not only does irene begin to take care of her own needs more , she'll make her parents breakfast in an attempt to crack their new shells to life around them . these scenes provide interesting portrayals of various coping mechanisms , frequently crossing a boundary as to how much you can help yourself versus others during drastic , unexpected change . respectfully , gender issues never enter the picture . self-propelled isolation is universal in terms of dealing , so moretti intelligently uses this tool to separate the family . though giovanni does stop paolo from discussing andrea at a party with friends , there is never a sense that he or she is more stoic , or more correct in the search to restore a sense of a balance to their lives . most films that broach the topic of death utilize annoying melodrama , speeches , and conciliatory issues to get the waterworks flowing . in contrast , the son's room captures a more realistic depiction of the effects of death on a family by graciously flowing among the five stages of mourning ( denial , depression , anger , bargaining , acceptance ) through each of its main characters . it's not the most engaging 100 minutes , but it is certainly easy to relate to . 
directed by richard lagravenese . cast : holly hunter , danny devito , queen latifah , martin donovan , elias koteas , suzanne shepherd , eddie cibrian , rachael leigh cooke , lin shaye . 1998 - 94 minutes . rated r ( for profanity , brief nudity , and sexual situations ) . reviewed november 11 , 1998 . by dustin putman  dustin putman's film reviews  " living out loud , " is the type of motion picture we don't often see : it is a film about mature , intelligent adults , instead of the usual american film , in which children basically dress up in grown-up clothing and parade around acting like immature seven-year-olds . judith ( holly hunter ) , a fortysomething living in new york city , has been having a difficult time with life lately . she is extremely depressed about her recent divorce to her husband ( martin donovan ) , who had been cheating on her . she cannot sleep , haunted by terrible memories , often imagines off-the-wall things to try and make the world seem like a better place , and the only place she can really go to feel happy is to hear one of her favorite singers , liz bailey ( queen latifah ) , perform at a local club . judith's life does start to brighten a little when , one night when she gets home to her apartment late , strikes up a conversation with the elevator operator , pat ( danny devito ) , a lonely man in his fifties whom has lost his daughter recently . both of them create a sort of emotional connection with each other , seeking comfort with the other person , but while pat starts to form a deep love for her , judith only wants to remain friends . " living out loud , " which was written by richard lagravenese ( " the bridges of madison county " ) , who is also making his directing debut here , is a wonderful film from beginning to end , one that is honest , genuinely funny , and poignant . the three central characters , that of judith , pat , and liz , are all written to be free-thinking , complex human beings , and are all likable , but flawed , people who are constantly interesting , as is the film itself . one highly original element of the film is that judith occasionally imagines things occuring in her mind in the way she wishes they would happen . sometimes it results in comedy , and sometimes it turns out to be subtle and truly touching . one sequence that stands out is when judith is at a restaurant by herself , reading a novel . an older woman comes over to her , mentions that that is a great book she is reading , and then goes over to join her own friends . as the woman sits down , she looks over to see judith by herself , and motions for her to come join them . instantly , we realize this was simply in judith's mind , as we see the same woman just sit down at the table and begin talking to her friends . holly hunter and danny devito both give the performances of their careers here . hunter , of course , was brilliant in 1993's " the piano , " for which she won an academy award , but in this film she is even better , i think . she finds the right note for each scene and holds it . and devito has never had such a humanistic role before , which i was surprised about . usually he is used as the butt of a joke , or as a caricature , but in this film , has a living-and-breathing , sympathetic person to play . topping it all off is latifah , also a singer , who is quickly turning into a respectable actress herself , and has a juicy , natural supporting role as , in some ways , judith's role model . another joy of the film is that it does not somehow form a contrived , " happy " ending , but , in staying with its realistic tone , manages to be upbeat , but truthful . the last shot is an especially powerful image . nothing is said , but just the image of someone walking down a sidewalk says it all . the relationship that results between judith and pat is true-to-life and sincere . as we watch these two people talk , and get to know each other , all that we wish for them both is to be happy , even if that does not include for them to become romantically involved . and as , " living out loud , " which is one of the best films of the year , proves , sometimes a friendship is the strongest bond anyone could possibly ask for . 
jackie brown entered theaters with little fanfare and a lot of expectation . even though advance publicity on this one was fairly limited , the audiences waited for the showings with heightened anticipation . this is , after all , the first movie quentin tarantino has directed since the highly touted pulp fiction . to say he has been inactive in between would be to tell a falsehood , since he has been involved in such projects as destiny turns on the radio , desperado , four rooms , and from dusk 'til dawn . he was also called in at the last minute to help punch up the screenplay for crimson tide . ( i'm willing to wager the debate over which silver surfer is the only true silver surfer was penned by him . ) tarantino contributed on and off screen to these films , but never took the director's helm . nearly four years since gaining notoriety on the hollywood scene and making john travolta a star once more , tarantino returns with a film he can call his own . the film opens up with an homage to the graduate , with jackie brown ( pam grier ) on one of those airport people movers as the credits are displayed in front of her . jackie is a flight attendant for air cabo , which flies back and fourth between los angeles and cabo san lucas . this makes jackie a convenient cash courier for gun dealer ordell robbi ( samuel l . jackson ) who is currently keeping his money stashed in mexico . however , while bringing fifty thousand dollars back into the u . s . for ordell , jackie is apprehended by fbi agent mark dargus ( michael bowen ) and atf agent ray nicolet ( michael keaton ) , who catch her not only with the money , but with a bonus of a couple of ounces of illicit drugs . jackie didn't know they were in the package with the cash , but that's of no consequence to the authorities , who threaten jackie with a couple of years hard time if convicted . of course , dargus and nicolet are just using the sentence to get jackie to turn over the big fish , ordell . ordell uses honest bail bondsman max cherry ( robert forster ) to get jackie out of jail , but while max is immediately attracted to her , jackie is more concerned about her immediate safety , since ordell killed the last one of his operatives who got picked up by the police . sure enough , ordell shows up at jackie's apartment that evening and tries to silence jackie for good , but she " borrows " max's pistol and manages to turn the tables on ordell . instead of closing the irony circle and relocating a bullet from the pistol's chamber to ordell's head , jackie proposes a deal . since ordell wants to get his money out of mexico , jackie will get back up to her old tricks and be a courier for him once more , but this time for a more substantial fee : fifteen percent of ordell's half million dollars . with a gun in his face , how can ordell not agree ? by itself , this premise might have been interesting enough to carry the film . however , we are also introduced to a number of double crosses which make us pay attention and think . jackie claims to be bringing the money in for ordell , but she's also making a deal with the feds as well as with max . the film throws us off every once in a while by leading us to believe the deal we thought was authentic is actually a sham , but it is in no way done to the extent that we feel jerked around . instead , it's actually a nice departure from the predictability which is prevalent in so many of today's movies . at least this film has a little imagination . most of the performances in jackie brown are above par . pam grier , of whom i had never taken notice before , plays jackie with a mix of confidence and vulnerability which makes her character believable . samuel l . jackson has a kind of mesmerizing quality about him as he handles himself in situations where you know he is in total control . robert forster is thoroughly likable because he comes across as such an honest guy , trying to do his best . . never mind that he belongs to a profession where sneaking into a guy's apartment to zap him with a stun gun is simply a matter of course . he's just so down-to-earth , the nature of his job really doesn't occur to us , even when we're shown him bringing a handcuffed woman to prison , or when we see the tools of his trade . in supporting roles are robert de niro as louis gara , a recently paroled friend of ordell's , and bridget fonda as melanie , one of the girls ordell keeps around town . unfortunately , de niro is basically wasted as his lines are few and far between , and then they are mostly clipped sentences . in this film , he's not really de niro , but stereotypical de niro , uttering things like , " little bit , " and " pretty much . " fonda , on the other hand , plays the slightly spaced-out melanie with satisfactory relish and cuteness , such that even when she is annoying louis , we are taking her side . as is characteristic of any film in which tarantino has had a hand , the dialog is quick and snappy . it grabs our attention and is actually interesting , and in many respects , this makes jackie brown a film which needs few visuals ; the lines are a form of art in and amongst themselves . don't count tarantino out when it comes to using the camera , however . there's a scene where max is unwittingly watching a dry run of a money exchange , and he's not really sure what's happening , but by composing the scene just so , his realization of what's going on is felt simultaneously by the audience . we look at the screen and think , " gee , that's clever , " and then think the same thing about how the film induced us into that wonderful feeling of catching on . although tarantino isn't afraid to drag out a shot for dramatic effect , it unfortunately works to varying degrees in this film . there are shots where a character is simply driving , and we watch this person and somehow get an idea of what is going on in his or her head . this is a tribute to both direction and acting . however , there is at least one other scene where we follow jackie through a mall , and she is looking for something ; desperately looking for something . we get the idea of the frantic nature of her search , but we follow her for so long that we end up not really caring about what she's looking for , but instead hoping she'll just stop . overall , viewing jackie brown is time spent well . some flap has already been made about the language used in the film , but it's really not much worse than many of the other movies out there today . in fact , one might even be able to say that the way in which these " offensive " words are employed almost cause them to parody themselves and therefore transcend their own offensiveness . go see the film and see what i mean . 
a frequent error is the categorization of a terrorist as a soldier or a common criminal . a soldier commits acts of violence sanctioned by one nation-state against another . a common criminal commits acts of violence for personal gain . a terrorist employs random violence as a means to a political end . if the target nation does not affect the desired change in policy , the violence continues . it is the fear resulting from the fact that the terrorist may strike at anyone ( even total innocents ) , anywhere , at anytime that gives the figure his label . edward zwick's the siege explores the possibility of this kind of violence taking place right here in the united states . you'd think the opening bit was ripped right from the headlines . arab terrorists kill american citizens abroad , and the u . s . responds by retaliating against the sheik whom supposedly ordered the attack . however , unlike the real-life tomahawk cruise missile strike against bin laden's camp and manufacturing facility , the film version depicts special operations troops kidnapping sheik ahmed bin talal . in retaliation , the terrorists bring the fight to the new world . unwittingly involved is fbi assistant special agent-in-charge anthony hubbard ( denzel washington ) , who works out of the bureau's new york office at one federal plaza . while investigating a series of bombings in the big apple , he encounters cia agent elise kraft ( annette bening ) , also trying to uncover information . generally , the fbi is charged with problems inside the u . s . , while the cia takes care of problems in the international realm . even spies from other countries are off limits to the cia as long as they are in our country . hubbard therefore finds it highly unusual that an agency spook is nosing around what he considers his territory , but as the two form a tentative professional relationship , hubbard becomes more and more aware of an increasingly complicated series of allegiances and possibly illegal actions involving terrorism and the united states government . the original tagline for patriot games was , " there has never been a terrorist attack on american soil . " however true , it was pulled before the movie's release because it sounded too much like a dare . revisiting the scenario of foreign terrorists committing acts of violence in the united states , the siege is almost an invitation in itself , because it shows just what kind of turmoil could be produced if an effective terrorist network were to set up operations here in america . admittedly , the terror wrought upon new york is a bit excessive ( who's going to believe that a few bombs are going to cause new yorkers to jump at the backfire of a bus or to curtail their shopping by two-thirds ? ) , but the basic premise is still valid . i liked the fact that this film rises above the basic action-thriller fare of good guy g-men against bad guy terrorists by exploring some of the effects on society and law and order . it provides a very possible hypothesis that violent activity on the part of a few arabs would escalate into a series of hate crimes against the arab-american population , and that in an effort to find the terrorists , the civil liberties of the minority may be violated by the government itself . in fact , about halfway through the film , when the president authorizes the declaration of martial law within new york city , the liberties of all americans are put at risk . although it may actually be a side effect of a terrorist campaign , the demise of social order in america is a scary thought and a goal which would not be beneath many international terrorist groups . throughout , the film maintains a conflict between hubbard , who wants to use the fbi to pursue the terrorists within the letter of the law , and general devereaux ( bruce willis ) , who is in command of the army and of the mind that the greater good would be better served by suspending the law and pursuing the terrorists more forcefully . what results is a fascinating debate over the appropriateness and constitutionality of the declaration of martial law and the invocation of the war powers act , utilizing philosophy and historical examples to make points on both sides . it actually gets rather heady at times , but it's a credit to screenwriters zwick , lawrence wright , and menno meyjes that they don't underestimate the intelligence of the audience . i don't know if it's his tone or inflection or something else , but denzel washington has a way of spitting out dialog that makes whatever he says sound great . this , combined with his innate acting ability and his experience in playing the mid-level authority figure , makes his performance in the siege convincing and enjoyable . annette bening gives one of the more assertive portrayals of a female character i've seen recently , and the chemistry she shares with washington is palpable . it's somewhat unfortunate that her character's fortitude is broken at a certain point , but it allows us to watch bening play a little more range . bruce willis is pretty much relegated to a tough-guy role , always standing straight , and with a permanent scowl fixed upon his face . however , the tension that exists between devereaux and hubbard is a major drive behind the film's development . notable is tony shalhoub who plays fbi agent frank haddad , a lebanese immigrant . the role calls for evidencing both a kind of filial pride for his heritage , and contempt for those of his own race who might interfere with his integration into the american society . difficult to say the least , shalhoub does it with a naturalness you can almost reach out and touch . perhaps best known for his role as antonio the cab driver in the nbc sitcom " wings , " shalhoub gained notoriety for his dramatic abilities in the wonderful film big night . whereas denzel washington seems to be edward zwick's favorite actor ( he directed washington in glory and courage under fire ) , james horner seems to be his favorite composer . i therefore found it odd that zwick chose the prolific score-writer graeme revell ( seven films this year already ) over horner for the siege until i realized that this film contained a lot of arabian-themed music , and horner's record has shown more of a propensity for scores either neutral in ethnicity or irish-sounding at most . revell does a good job at providing appropriate music to punctuate key scenes and allowing the score to enhance the movie as a whole . it's nowhere near as intrusive as in some of the other films we've been getting throughout the year . missteps in the siege can be found in a couple of the excesses it takes . for example , it's pretty clear throughout that the film is meant to be more of thriller than an action flick . unfortunately , there's a scene where the army just cuts loose against some arab immigrants in a blatant display of firepower and explosions , obviously meant for the sole purpose of being eye-catching . in the middle of the city ( and against no real opposition ) , zwick even has the army use a cobra attack helicopter to shoot rockets into a building no farther than 50 feet from friendly troops . verisimilitude really goes out the window at that point . the film also gets a little preachy toward the end , focusing on the ability of different races to get along . a noble gesture , the film just puts the message across a bit too obviously . these flaws are glaring , but they don't detract too much from an otherwise good film that makes you think about issues you may not have considered since history class . 
jake kasdan , son of one of the best screenwriters around , breaks into filmmaking by writing and directing this hard-to-categorize detective story : part mystery , part comedy , part character study and part romance . for the most part , kasdan manages to combine the genres successfully and create a captivating film . daryl zero ( bill pullman ) is a modern day sherlock holmes . the parallel is present down to his love of music ( though zero plays the guitar rather than the violin ) , and his addiction to drugs ( amphetamines , rather than morphine ) . he even titles his cases with such sherlockian epigrams as the case of the mismatched shoelaces , the case about the man who lied about his age , or the case of the hired gun who made way way too many mistakes . however zero's observance of the fine art of detachment , though it makes him a brilliant private investigator , makes him somewhat of a self-imposed outcast in society . he could do nothing without the legwork of his trusty assistant dr . watson , i mean steve arlo ( ben stiller ) . arlo is not happy with his job . he is thrilled to be around zero's brilliance , but his bizarre behavior , and strange requests , are frustrating to the former lawyer . and they're even more so to his girlfriend , jess ( angela featherstone ) , who is fed up that her boyfriend's boss means more to arlo than her . this is the situation when a new case comes knocking . gregory stark ( ryan o'neill ) hires zero to find his lost keys . it seems that he kept a safety deposit box key on the ring , and the box apparently contains some incriminating evidence . now , stark is being blackmailed , and needs to reclaim his key before the nightmare can end . to solve this case , zero reluctantly crawls out of his shell . however , this is when he is vulnerable . . . and this time he falls for charms of a wily paramedic , gloria sullivan ( kim dickens ) , who may be involved in the blackmail scheme . for the first time , zero has to question his own objectivity , as he finds his client less and less sympathetic . zero effect is weakest in its obviously " wacky " scenes depicting daryl zero's odd behavior . such scenes might be appropriate in an out-and-out satire , making zero an ace ventura-ish character . however , there's a much meatier movie in here . . . it just takes a while to get out . that's not to say that there's not a place for humor in this film . in fact , some of the best scenes are ben stiller's wonderfully underplayed comic moments of absolute disgust and frustration with his employer . however , the over-the-top scenes never quite gel with the rest of the film , and they aren't funny enough to stand on their own . once the investigation is underway , however , zero's brilliance really begins to shine . his lightning quick inferences are as fascinating as many of sherlock's own . as the mystery begins to unfold , zero's deductions lead the plot in interesting directions , but never lose the viewer . zero effect works well during its romantic scenes as well . zero's relationship with gloria is low-key , but it hits all the right notes . however , we are always kept distant from gloria's character . she's given plenty of development , but we never understand what she is thinking . perhaps that may be intentional : to place the audience in zero's zone of detachment . but , on the whole , it is frustrating . bill pullman , when he's not spacing out , creates a vibrant character in daryl zero . there's one moment when zero briefly connects to the world which he has managed to detach from for many years , and it is shockingly moving . . . expressing a seriousness that heretofore was unassociated with the character , but one which fits in well . and , although it is sometimes hard to take a detective called " zero " seriously , it is at this moment that the viewer understands the meaning behind the name . although zero effect is a bit awkward in places , it is a strong debut for kasdan , and shows great promise . 
" it's not important how many people i've killed . what's important is how i get along with the people that are still alive , " jimmy " the tulip " tudeski ( bruce willis ) solemnly informs a very nervous nick " oz " oseransky ( matthew perry ) once oz discovers jimmy's profession . this line , and the way in which it is delivered , are great examples of how funny " the whole nine yards " can be . the problem is , that while it can be hilarious , the film also has a tendancy to drag at times . the ending goes on for far too long , and the humor occasionally falls flat . however , when the film pulls its humor off , it's hysterical . oz is a dentist who is so tired of life with his commanding wife , sophie ( rosanna arquette ) , that he spends his mornings smashing his head against his steering wheel while driving to work . his secretary , jill ( a hilarious amanda peet ) , is constantly trying to convince him to divorce his wife but oz knows that sophie will get everything in the divorce settlement . to add to his miseries , oz discovers that his new neighbor is hitman , jimmy " the tulip " tudeski . it turns out that there is a price on jimmy's head , courtesy of his associate back in chicago , yanni gogolack ( kevin pollak ) . sophie wants oz to go back to chicago , deliver the whereabouts of jimmy , and collect a finder's fee . oz is of course averse to doing this , since it will most likely involve jimmy's killing oz upon his return . once he arrives in chicago , oz meets up with another hitman named frankie figgs ( michael clark duncan ) , who is apparently working for yanni . the situation grows steadily worse for poor oz from there . " the whole nine yards " is one of those fun movies like " mars attacks " and " galaxy quest " , where you can tell that the entire cast is having a great time making the film . when a cast acts in this manner it usually carries over to the audience , as is the case here . bruce willis's comic talents lie mainly in his deadpan delivery of lines , and he is given ample oppurtunity to display this talent throughout the film . i believe that matthew perry's primary talent is his wide range of facial expressions , and again , he is given the chance to utilize this ability throughout the movie . despite the considerable comic abilities of both these actors , they are overshadowed by amanda peet's ( " isn't she great " , " simply irresistable " ) hysterical performance as the secretary who wants desperately to become a contract killer . " the whole nine yards " has an amazingly complex plot , considering what a goofy little movie it appears to be at first glance . the film is filled with double crosses , backstabbing , and false identities . every character involved wants some other character dead , and there are various little subplots relating to these . unlike " gun shy " from earlier this year , the romantic elements to " the whole nine yards " don't feel tacked on and useless . though difficult to take seriously , they blend with the rest of the film quite well . the cast members work very well together , particularly bruce willis and amanda peet . the two of them have a grand old time playing teacher and student in a very unlikely profession . peet is so overcome with hero worship for the elder hitman , she is willing to do anything ( and i mean anything ) to win his approval . the only cast member i found to be rather out of place here was rosanna arquette as the hideous wife of oz . the problem is , i can't imagine anyone playing a grotesque character like this . the other major flaw with the film is the amount of time spent on the ending . the movie could have ended fifteen minutes earlier than it does with no problem . one more thing i must note is that " the whole nine yards " is definitely a guy movie . nearly every guy in the theatre i attended was laughing uproariously at the movie , while most of the women present seemed rather baffled by the humor . " the whole nine yards " runs a little too long at 100 minutes , but it doesn't start to drag too badly till the end . i'd recommend it to fans of matthew perry and bruce willis . if you dislike these actors , i'd suggest you stay far away from this one . i give the movie three and a half out of five stars . 
losing a job is not an all too uncommon thing . reacting to such a personal setback by taking a group of small children hostage is a bit more rare . while we all might feel the desire to blow someone's head off with a shotgun when they don't seem to grasp our point of view , actually threatening them with one is usually something we avoid . this isn't the case with sam baily - john travolta's slightly askew average-joe persona in mad city . " i don't think people listen to guys like me , " sam laments during an exclusive interview from behind the walls of a museum . just a few days ago , sam was a guard at this same museum , but when cutbacks led to the elimination of his security position , sam's apprehension resulted in a brash decision . in an effort to get his ex-boss , museum director mrs . banks ( blythe danner ) , to " just listen " , he barges into the museum one day equipped with a fully loaded shotgun , taking the uncooperative banks and a group of school children hostage . sam's overall concern is valid enough - if he loses his job , his paycheck , his benefits , etc . , his wife and two children won't be provided for . he's not a lunatic or a hot-tempered madman , he's somewhat like a child - panicky , compulsive , and running on emotion - and his naive intentions aren't helped any by the fact that banks wasn't overly compassionate with the let go . overall , he's just like you and me - except that he has the capacity to view the line we'd deem " far enough " as the starting mark of some crazy race . meanwhile , television reporter max brackett ( dustin hoffman ) is also on the scene . covering a " fluff " story for the evening news concerning the museum cutbacks , max suddenly finds himself in the middle of the biggest-breaking news story he ever could've hoped for . having been demoted from network newsman to smalltime affiliate reporting , max is anxious to turn this into his , and only his , story . max immediately bonds with sam . max even coaches sam thru hostage negotiations and writes scripts for him to use with the police over the phone . at first , max's intentions don't stretch beyond high ratings and a good boost to the ole pride factor , but as he gets to know sam more personally , he begins to sympathize and even become somewhat of an advocate for him . the media , however , is creating a frenzy that leaves the fickle public shifting gears as often as a diesel truck moving downhill . the accidental shooting of ex-co- worker cliff ( bill nunn ) , a black security guard , becomes one of the main factors in the controversy over sam's honest ambitions . also involved in this film are robert prosky as lou potts , head of the news department of the station max falls directly under , and alan alda as the nationally famed reporter kevin hollander , who uses his network power to try and outshine max . alda and prosky both turn in fine performances that fit like gloves on their acting abilities . then there is mia kirshner , who plays the young tv station intern laurie . she falls under max's wings only to become a student taught too well in the way of sensationalistic reporting . kirshner's credits are relatively small for now , including roles in films like exotica and the forgettable sequel to the crow . still , kirshner's character transformation shows that she has shining ability to play both good girl and kinda-bitchy-in-a-reserved-way roles . i wouldn't mind seeing her in some more prevalent parts , where perhaps her talent will be able to blossom more fully onscreen . while the viewpoint of the media as a greedy , self-righteous monster has indeed been tackled before , mad city provides a solid two hours of enjoyability . hoffman and travolta are both excellent actors , and seeing them together is a real treat . they both do a great job at smoothly and naturally becoming their characters , and they provide enough chemistry for us to genuinely care for both . there is quite a bit of humor in this film , and without it , it could've fallen into a drab , cliched social statement more likely to garner sleep from the audience than applause . this isn't a flick that will grip at both your funny bone and your heart , but it will lightly touch both , making for a recommendable movie . if for nothing more than the opportunity to watch both hoffman and travolta at the same time , i urge you to check this one out . 
jay and silent bob strike back ( 2001 ) . starring jason mewes , kevin smith , ben affleck , shannon elizabeth , will ferrell , jason lee , chris rock , ali larter , brian christopher o'halloran , seann william scott , george lucas , carrie fisher and mark hamill . written and directed by kevin smith . rated r . jay and silent bob strike back can rightfully be subtitled " kevin smith's greatest hits " for the film is comprised of numerous references and characters from smith's earlier works including , clerks , mall rats . chasing amy and dogma . so , be advised : bone up on that cinematic quartet in order to achieve the maximum enjoyment from smith's latest outing . kevin smith must be a very likable person because several good sports took a ton of kidding in this feature , most notably miramax , the studio whose subsidiary , dimension films , is jay and silent bob's distributor . others deserving accolades include ben affleck , matt damon , directors gus van zant and wes craven and the mighty george lucas . this is a laugh-filled , foul-mouthed road film with jay ( jason mewes ) and silent bob ( smith ) hitching to hollywood to sabotage miramax's production of bluntman and chronic , comic book characters based on the two jersey slackers . jay's convoluted reasoning is that if the film is shut down , people on the internet will stop insulting him and bob , even though it is not him and bob the people are dissing , but rather their comic book counterparts . no matter , the duo begin their long trek hitching rides across the country . but first they get some tips from a veteran hitchhiker , played by george carlin , who tells them to follow " the book " - the rules of the road . of course jay's interpretation immediately gets the duo in trouble with a friendly nun ( carrie fisher ) who offers them a ride . jay and silent bob contains enough laughs that the movie's weaker aspects - which include a lame subplot about a girl gang of diamond thieves as well as a buffoonish federal park ranger played by will ferrell - can be easily tolerated . really , how can you not laugh at a film in which our heroes are picked up by the mystery van , and jay has a pot-induced hallucination concerning velma and daphne . the movie's highlight , though , is near the finale . in hollywood , jay and silent bob sneak onto the miramax lot where they crash the set and are mistaken for extras of the latest affleck-damon picture , good will hunting 2 : hunting season . here we are privy to a hilarious conversation between affleck and damon in which the two put down each other's careers and film choices . and the laughs continue to grow . next up is jason ( american pie ) biggs and james ( dawson's creek ) van der beek , the actors chosen to portray bluntman and chronic . the pair mistake jay and silent bob for their stunt doubles . finally , comes a star wars homage featuring one of the stars of that legendary feature . this bit will leave you howling . smith's obvious affection for pop culture icons is evident in the way he shoots these scenes and handles his performers . he allows them to play it all tongue-in-cheek . their fun comes through the screen to the audience . it is too bad that this is jay and silent bob's swan song . the characters have grown since their supporting role debuts in clerks . but smith realizes that times have changed , and he doesn't want his creations to overstay their welcome . so smith has provided them with just the right kind of exit , saving the best for last . goodbye jay and silent bob . at least you're going out with a blast . bob bloom is the film critic at the journal and courier in lafayette , in . he can be reached by e-mail at bloom@journal-courier . com or at bobbloom@iquest . net .  other reviews by bloom can be found at www . jconline . com by clicking on golafayette . bloom's reviews also can be found on the web at the internet movie database : http : //www . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? bob + bloom 
modern audiences are more likely to be familiar with les misirables from the pop-broadway musical rather than victor hugo's original tome . adapted several times for the cinema , this latest effort does a superb job of translating the characters , story , and heart of the novel to the screen . liam neeson stars as jean valjean . as a young man , valjean stole some bread to satisfy his hunger . . . and he was sentenced to 19 years of hard labor for his crimes . prison hardened him , and on his release he seems doomed to a life of crime and squalor . however , an unexpected act of compassion changes his outlook on life , and he vows to become a better man . however , he runs up against one man who doesn't believe in reform . inspector javert ( geoffrey rush ) is an obsessive law abider . he has no tolerance for anyone who breaks the rules , even with benign intentions . he once served as a guard at the labor camp where valjean served , and after valjean breaks his parole , javert devotes himself to bringing him to justice . two women also get caught up in the struggle . fantine ( uma thurman ) is an unwed mother suffocating in an unforgiving society . her daughter , cosette ( mimi newman , and later , claire danes ) , is her life , yet she cannot afford to raise her . instead , cosette is sent to live with a cruel foster family which extorts money from fantine , and forces cosette into a life little better than a slave . director bille august manages to create a faithful adaptation of victor hugo's novel , which , though omitting some of the political undertones , remains true to the overall story and tone of the book . hopefully you won't , as some clueless members of the audience did , wonder where all the songs went . the movie manages to be completely engrossing without the andrew lloyd webber flourishes . the experience is bolstered by strong performances throughout , though neeson and rush deservedly take center stage with their core roles . neeson in particular deserves kudos for his portrayal of a man trying to do good , but continually haunted by his past . the supporting cast is also extraordinary . the only actor who dims in comparison is hans matheson , playing the revolutionary , marius . the film slightly loses its luster during his brief love affair , but it is transitory , and truly only distracting when contrasted with the rest of the film . the novel les misirables is , by any account , an epic , both in its scope and in its length . while it would be nearly impossible to cram everything from its pages into a two hour movie , this latest attempt does an admirable job at the translation . it , too , is an epic . . . and one worth seeing . 
review by lars lindahl ( larsattacks@mail . com ) " gladiator " ( 2000 )   starring russell crowe , joaquin phoenix , connie nielsen , derek jacobi , richard harris , oliver reed , and djimon hounsou . imagine this . you're given a sword and a shield and very basic , minimal training . a man you don't know tells you that this will be the last day that you will live . you are thrown into an arena with thousands of spectators wanting to see you die . you frantically monitor several closed doors which , in seconds , will release vicious enemies prepared to destroy you . you watch as the innocent friends you made in the last few days are murdered in cold blood . if you are lucky enough to survive this chaos thrown at you , you know you're going to have to do it all over again tomorrow . eventually know matter how strong or skilled you are , you're going to die . this is the life of a gladiator . you'll never have to be a gladiator and after seeing ridley scott's powerful gladiator , you'll be thankful for that . with his new film , scott has returned cinema to the fascinating age of the ancient roman empire . and like those preceding it , spartacus and ben hur , gladiator has nearly everything going for it - a strong lead actor , a wonderful supporting cast , eye-catching special effects , and a great script . since the two aforementioned films came out before the prime target viewers of gladiator ( teenagers to thirty-year-old males ) were around , a whole new genre may just be reborn and revisited . from a weak beginning , the film starts off extremely gloomy and inauspicious . rome's best general maximus ( russell crowe ) , who has helped the empire conquer nearly everywhere they have attempted , is currently ( in the year 180 a . d . that is ) waging a war against germania . scott shoots the gory battle in an awkward style , similar to that of saving private ryan but much less effective . it's blurry , in slow motion , and the sound is muted . as soon as this artistic method began , it was hard to tell what was what and who was who . it's a good thing scott stops this after the first twenty minutes or else gladiator would have been torture to watch . instead , the general swears he will get out after this battle . he wants to go back to his family and his crops , he wants a quiet life . but , unexpectedly , he gets anything but that . the dying emperor of rome , marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) , decides to have maximus appointed new emperor of rome once he dies . he asks maximus to restore the republic by giving more power to the senators . all of this does not go well for aurelius' son , commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) who was expecting his father to name him the new emperor . jealous and upset , commodus kills his own father , names himself emperor , kills maximus' wife and son , and attempts to kill maximus . but maximus is able to escape his own death and vows to kill commodus and fulfill marcus aurelius' wishes . now a slave , the only way he can win his own freedom and complete his goal is to become a winning gladiator , who eventually are released for their success . a story of betrayal and promises , gladiator is more than just a mindless action flick . you actually care about the characters , sometimes even the evil villain commodus , who is just a young man as determined to make rome one way as maximus is determined to make it the other way . phoenix plays his character brilliantly . think of commodus as the percy wetmore ( of pant-wetter the green mile ) of the roman empire - a whiny , sleazy , " respect-me-because-my-father-was-a-good-man " brat who hates when he's not the center of attention . every scene we see commodus , he's either crying or he looks like he has just been crying . phoenix has definitely matured as an actor since to die for , and gladiator shows he's more than just river's little brother . crowe is also excellent as the film's grisly-faced hero . maximus is one of the few characters in recent cinema who actually has emotions . this guy actually acts like a anyone in his situation would act , he's no invincible superhero who only blurts out one-liners , he ( believe it or not ) acts like a human being ! the rest of the cast , including richard harris , djimon hounsou , walter hill , derek jacobi , and connie nielsen are also first rate . ridley scott , using outstanding special effects , has brilliantly recreated the roman coliseum , the loudness of the roman mob , and the city of rome in general . the visuals are breathtaking and voluminous , like a cleopatra of the year 2000 . the costuming is also wonderful from the detailed shields and armor to the exquisite dress of the upper-class politicians . gladiator is another movie you have to see on the big screen to get the most out of the experience . along with u-571 , action fans should have plenty to see in theaters this week and should expect much more excitement to come this summer of 2000 . 
director : alan parker writers : alan parker and oliver stone ( based on the musical by andrew lloyd webber and tim rice ) starring : madonna , antonio banderas , jonathan pryce , jimmy nail , andrea corr andrew lloyd webber's musicals , preferably his early work with lyricist tim rice , present a musical which is totally unlike any musical before its time . webber and rice do not subscribe to the gaity of such musicals as " oklahoma ! , " or the slapstickness of shows like " a funny thing happened on the way to the forum . " they instead tackle hot issues from our past , and view them differently , and pack them together with redundant , catchy music , as well as thoughtful lyrics . like " jesus christ superstar , " which examined the rise and fall of jesus in his last days from a fame perspective ( in the cool tune " superstar , " a dead judas comes back from the dead to ask jesus why he didn't spread his message wider ) , " evita " takes an inventive stance on its topic , this time being the famed wife of argentinian dictator , juan perón , eva , who slept her way to the top and became famous chiefly because she got attention , much like the woman playing her : madonna ( although i think madonna did rise to the top for her musical talent , among other things ) . " evita " deals with the rise and fall of eva perón , a woman who captured the heart of the nation after marrying juan ( jonathan pryce ) , then died at the young age of 33 , creating an international stir of mourning not unlike that of princess di ( the two do share a bit in common , although it wasn't like di slept to " the top " ) . webber and rice sure chose bizarre topics for their musicals , but they always have a point for doing it . here , they wish to expose her for what she is , but still show that despite all of her many drawbacks , her lying , and covering up for her fascist husband , but show that she was still a good woman with fairly good intentions , and her death was very sad . it's also a musical , with almost no words not unsung . the film plays like a rock opera , much like their " jesus christ superstar , " with many giant musical sequences just like the old musicals , even if they do possess very intelligent lyrics , which create not only an intellectually enlightening experience , but also a very entertaining one . after all , this is a musical , and webber's musicals never undermine this . they are a balance of energy and intellectual depth , walking on a fine line between the both , and never stumbling on either side . this is why the beginning of " evita " is kind of a let-down . okay , it is a let-down . i'm not saying the opening moments are bad , because they're pretty good . but what comes after is a lifeless , un-entertaining , and totally unrewarding sequence where she cons a singer ( jimmy nail ) into taking eva to buenos aires after a one-night stand . in the musical , it's a fun , energetic sequence , culiminating in the show stopper , " buenos aires , " which is also lifeless . then a punch is pulled as we see eva being screwed over by the singer , instead of her leaving him , where she ends up singing the sad tune , " another suitcase in another hall , " which was meant for a later character , screwed over by eva . the portrayal of eva in the beginning is too soft , seeming like parker and oliver stone , who adapted it for the screen , are afraid to present her for what she is , even while it's being narrated by a hater of eva's , the omnipotent ( antonio banderas ) , who presents her in a negative light . for a while , it looks like alan parker can't pull it off . however , the film pulls itself together in a flash , and after that song is over , and the giddily nihilistic song " goodbye and thank you , " where we see eva go through a long line of lovers who help her ascend , is magnificent , darkly comical , and just gleeful . from this point on , the film is hypnotic , satisfying , and satirical . no more punches are thrown , and the basic outline of the original musical are in tact . we see eva woo and marry juan , get him out of jail , rise to stardom , falter a bit , come back , and then gradually die of cancer ( i think it was because of cancer ) . more importantly , many of the themes from the musical carry on with this , as well as some filling-in-the-gaps reconnassaince work . juan , who is pretty underwritten in the musical , is given some extra scenes , and exposed as what he was for eva : an accessory . a muted scene where he tries to visit her respective room but is shunned allows us to learn more about juan , and understand his sadness more than we did before . from the " goodbye and thank you " number on , the film shows eva trying to cover up for the horrible government by doing cheap and petty things which wooed a nation , and saved a government , even while it left the nation's people downtrodden . but despite this , the nation still loved eva , and when she slipped into death , the world mourned her because she was a star . that's when our narrator , ché , comes out to show that she wasn't the great woman she really was , and expose her fame . describing this character is difficult , mainly because he has no real realistic background ( he's said to be based on the revolutionary ché guevera , but the two probably could have never met , like they do in the film ) , but he serves as a perspective on eva , but even his perspective can't help us from feeling bad when eva dies a pathetic death . alan parker , no stranger to bizarre musicals ( he's done " fame , " " the committments , " " bugsy malone , " and " pink floyd the wall " - the latter which is absolutely brilliant ) , nails the film , exposing everything for what it is . we cry for evita at the end because we feel we should , by the way it is presented . his direction is manipulative for a reason : to show the mourning for what it is . and there is energy throughout , with lots of bright colors , and scenes which are cinematically entertaning , as well as enriching and deep , such as the balcony scene where she sings " don't cry for me , argentina , " and her death sequence , which is poignant becuase of how sad it is . madonna's golden globe winning performance is much like the movie : starts kinda downhill then goes up quickly , remaning there for the rest of the film . at the beginning , she looks like she's too busy concentrating on her singing to act , but she eventually gets it right , though never really getting the presence of , say , patti lupone ( who did the role in its american premiere back in the late 70s ) . her death , though , is brilliant . her singing could be better though . i know she took lessons to improve her range and all , but it still sounds like she's trying to hard . she sounds way too soft in several places where she should be comanding ( like . . . patti lupone - i heard her sing on an old " evita " cd , and you could just feel her stage presence without even seeing her ) . but it's generally very good , although not up to the brilliance the role really requires . antonio banderas , who is almost like a guilty pleasure these days ( i'm one of the few people who thinks he rocks ) , is extremely comanding in his performance , presenting a lovable narrator . his singing is very good , though nothing compared to the original , mandy patinkin . he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range . and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade . although it gets off to a rocky start ( " rocky " 's polite for what it really is ) , it soon picks up and becomes a wonderully poignant musical . like the other musical released in '96 ( woody allen's " everyone says i love you " ) , it's a reminder that the hollywood musical may be dead , but it can come back every now and then for a brief performance . 
can't hardly wait is supposed to bring back the teen comedy , the days where virginity was discussed in detention , where sean penn was a skateboard dude , where angry vice-principals tracked you down on your sick days . while the film does some of this , it's really putting a modern twist on what we have seen over and over again . the setting is perfect , the girl who's party it is ( an aptly named character along with creative ones such as boy who steals everything and ready to have sex girl ) holds a bash on graduation night with her parents away from home , it's a must-come event and every member of the student body will be there . enter our hero , preston ( embry ) he's been lovestruck by prom queen amanda ( jennifer love hewitt , who seems to be content not running from ben willis ) and decides to finally tell her how he feels . love adopts her quiet , popular girl role of the recently dumped ( by a full-of-himself jock named mike played by peter facinelli ) well , but she adds tones of drama that aren't needed . accompanying him is denise ( ambrose , who's great , what else has she been in ? ) she's goth outcast without the makeup who gets stuck in a bathroom with kenny ( seth green ) a white homeboy , obsessed with being black . also in for the ride is william ( charlie korsmo ) school nerd who attempts to gain revenge against mike by taking polaroids of him with one of his friends in a naked embrace . great cameos are also present , with jerry o'connell , selma blair , melissa joan hart ( who could have been more in the movie to give it more of a satire feel ) and jenna elfman as a stripper . yes , you heard me correctly , jenna elfman is a stripper . i have awarded this film the consistency ( please tell me i spelled that right ) award of 1998 . it's a film that you'll discover something new about after every repeated viewing . however it is a tad contrived , and just a bit predictable . but the film embraces it's spirit making this light-hearted romantic comedy a sure one to go see . 
crazy/beautiful ( 2001 ) kirsten dunst , jay hernandez , bruce davison , herman osorio , miguel castro , tommy de la cruz , rolando molina , soledad st . hilaire , lucinda jenney , taryn manning . written by phil hay and matt manfredi . directed by john stockwell . 95 minutes . rated pg-13 , 3 . 5 stars ( out of five stars ) review by ed johnson-ott , nuvo newsweekly www . nuvo . net archive reviews at http : //reviews . imdb . com/reviewsby ? edward + johnson-ott to receive reviews by e-mail at no charge , send subscription requests to ejohnsonott@prodigy . net or e-mail ejohnsonott-subscribe@onelist . com with the word " subscribe " in the subject line . " crazy/beautiful " suffers from the damned-if-you-do , damned-if-you-don't syndrome . after a spate of flighty , cookie-cutter teen films , the romantic drama addresses alcoholism and parental loss along with its love story . but rather than applaud the production , early reviews have dismissed it as an overblown " afterschool special . " even worse , in the wake of federal trade commission hearings that blasted the industry for marketing violent and sexual movies to young people , the studio got a case of the heebie-jeebies and forced director john stockwell to re-shoot scenes and cut footage to " tone things down . " needless to say , the filmmaker was frustrated . " we were trying to make a cautionary tale , " he told newsweek , " and we couldn't show the behavior we were trying to caution people away from . " regardless , the film works , thanks to exceptional performances from its lead players and a script determined to transcend stereotypes . " crazy/beautiful " is quality fare , good enough that i half-expected the summer movie crap police to walk into the press screening and confiscate the print for " failure to incorporate explosions and poop jokes . " set in pacific palisades , calif . , the story follows the burgeoning relationship between two teens . every morning and evening , carlos nunez ( jay hernandez ) takes a two-hour bus ride in order to attend pacific high school . an honor student and star athlete , carlos is responsible , modest and focused as he works on securing a place in the naval academy . all is well until he meets nicole oakley ( kirsten dunst ) , the daughter of a rich congressman ( bruce davison ) . nicole is a drunk apparently hell-bent on self-destruction . carlos is smart enough to recognize the danger in getting involved with her , but he is only human and she has the greatest smile . plus , as her father notes , she has a real knack for drawing others into her downward spiral . as with " save the last dance , " " crazy/beautiful " ( god , how i hate lower-case titles ) takes situations that look stale on paper and makes them seem fresh . while noting the racial and social differences between the kids , the screenplay dances around most of the clichés ( there are still several mtv moments , though ) . the filmmakers make a point to give characters that crucial extra bit of shading that turns them into individuals instead of stereotypes and the actors take it from there . cute-as-a-button dunst forces the viewer to share the pain beneath nicole's behavior . she is credible enough that when dad urges carlos to get away from her before she drags him down , i hoped the boy would listen . as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy/beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . after carefully presenting credible characters and situations , the conclusion feels rushed and lazy . still , this is the kind of film that deserves accolades from critics instead of cheap shots . " afterschool special " my ass – " crazy/beautiful " is the real deal . 
towards the middle of " the sweet hereafter , " a crowded school bus skids on an icy road surface as it rounds a bend , careens through the steel guard rail , and disappears out of sight . then , in long shot , we see the vehicle slowly sliding across what looks like a snow-covered field . it pauses for a moment before the " field " cracks under the bus' weight and the bright yellow vehicle vanishes in an effortless moment , a single smooth second of time . compare that scene , if you will , to the last eighty minutes of " titanic , " when the behemoth sinks slowly and spectacularly to its watery demise , and you'll appreciate the futility of comparing greatness in films . the scene in " the sweet hereafter " epitomizes all that's right with independent canadian director atom egoyan's film . it's not sensational . we don't see the inside of the bus with its payload of screaming , terrified children being bloodied and battered about . the bus doesn't explode or break into a thousand tiny pieces . it simply leaves the road and silently slips beneath the surface of a frozen lake . it's a horrifying sequence made all the more so by calm and distance . using a non-linear approach to his narrative , egoyan shifts back and forward in time , connecting us with the inhabitants of the small british columbian town who have been severely affected by this tragedy . fourteen children died in the accident , leaving their parents and the town itself paralyzed with grief . the catalyst at the center of the film is ambulance chaser mitchell stephens ( a wonderfully moving performance by ian holm ) , who comes to sam dent to persuade the townsfolk to engage in a class action suit . stephens , who " doesn't believe in accidents , " functions as a concerned , involved observer , scribbling details in his notebook and providing the parents with an opportunity to reach some kind of closure in the harrowing aftermath . while stephens' initial drive may be financial ( one third of the total settlement if he wins ) , his involvement provides him more with an outlet to come to grips with his own loss . his self-destructive , drug-addicted daughter has been in and out of clinics , halfway houses and detox units for years . egoyan's attention to detail and ability to establish mood are so impeccable that even the sound of a kettle boiling resonates like a plaintive cry . mychael danna , who composed the shimmering music for " the ice storm , " contributes another memorable score that shivers and tingles . equally impressive is paul sarossy's cinematography , capturing the imposing canadian mountainsides and low-hanging fogs as splendidly as his shadowy interiors--in one scene a bright wall calendar serves to illuminate portions of a room . " the sweet hereafter , " while undeniably grim , urges the viewer to grab onto life with both hands and not let go . it's a film of generous subtlety and emotion . 
until i saw the night of the hunter , it had been a long time since i had gasped while watching a movie . forget the others and the deep end ( which veered toward strained dramatics ) , the night of the hunter is by far the scariest movie i've seen so far this year . even though the movie is nearly 50 years old and there's a not drop of blood to be seen . luckily , the night of the hunter , charles laughton's first and final directing gig , has been restored by the ucla film and television archive and is being re-released in october 2001 . so , there's still plenty of time to spill your popcorn all over the place . robert mitchum stars as harry powell , a reverend with a nasty habit of courting and then killing widows for their cash . his newest target is young mother willa harper ( shelley winters ) , whose murderer husband ben ( peter graves ) has hidden $10 , 000 somewhere . powell finds out about the stash and decides to court mrs . harper after he's released and ben is hanged . but finding the money isn't easy for powell , who must contend with his stepchildren ( billy chapin and sally jane bruce ) , who know where the money is , but aren't telling . the hard part about seeing a classic now is the pop culture monster has usually drawn and quartered and then flaunted all the memorable moments , thus ruining the spontaneity and adventure when we finally watch it for the first time . how many spoofs or salutes to the shower scene in psycho have we seen in other movies ? what about the brilliant baby stroller sequence from battleship potemkin ? ( no , i'm not blaming brian de palma entirely for this sampling problem . ) yes , there are some visual elements that other directors seem to have borrowed from the night of the hunter . powell's " love " and " hate " knuckle tattoos obviously influenced spike lee in do the right thing ( remember radio raheem ? ) . and powell's black suit , with black tie and white shirt , could have shaped quentin tarantino's early visual style . seeing the night of the hunter for the first time , i was amazed at how much it crackled with wicked wit and fright and how much intensity was intact . you can now sign me up as president of the robert mitchum fan club . he plays the role with a controlled malice that induces unease every time he appears . he's like the senior class president with an evil streak . if i ever need to stay awake , i'll just picture him crooning , " leaning . . . leaning . . . . " any actor who wants to play a character with a touch of evil should study his performance the way a rabbinical student studies the torah . and credit must be handed out to laughton and cinematographer stanley cortez , who create a series of haunting , surreal shadowy images over the rural depression-era backdrop . it's a testament to both men that they're able to invigorate what has become a hackneyed storyline ( kids harassed by evil guardians ) by sticking to the old maxim that we're more scared by what we don't see . screenwriter and legendary film critic james agee does a beautiful job giving shape and substance to an array of supporting characters : the drunk birdie ( james gleason ) who's haunted by his wife , and the spoons ( evelyn varden and walt spoon ) whose marriage has become a verbal vaudeville act . the only lapse is the movie's third act , when pearl and john run away from home and find a home with the motherly , bible-reading mrs . cooper ( lillian gish ) . her showdown with powell is memorable -- a battle done with dueling hymns . however , the whole segment feels a little rushed and underdone , but it's still a thrill seeing the queen of the silent film era handling a shotgun . do yourself favor and don't miss this if it comes to a nearby theater . note : a series of revealing , but overlong , outtakes preceded the movie . the highlights included the legendary laughton ( who sounds eerily like mr . pitt from seinfeld ) running winters' lines with mitchum , and the adorable , tiny bruce having trouble descending a coal pile . hours more of such footage exists , as laughton liked to keep the cameras constantly rolling . screened as part of the 2001 new york film festival retrospectives ( feature story coming soon ) . 
bob the happy bastard's quickie review : brendan fraser's stuck in the past again , but at least this time he has something better to do than to quote sitcom lines and try to woo alicia silverstone . . . fraser is the lead star of the mummy , the second directorial effort from action director stephen sommers ( who also brought us the decent thrill ride that was deep rising ) . it's a rough adaptation of the 1932 film , and i say rough because it focuses more on special effects than on some guy in bandages , like boris karloff was engulfed in . but who cares , the movie has a sort of swashbuckling quality to it you can't get from , oh , say , godzilla or armageddon . fraser plays a soldier who gets a premonition during a battle with soldiers in an egyptian ground . basically , it's a little sign from the mummy buried underneath- a priest named ihmoetep who was buried alive for taking part of murdering the king and making out with his mistress . his plan- wake back up and wake her up also , making him invincible . of course , fraser returns to the site years later with a librarian ( rachel weisz ) and her brother ( john hanna ) , along with a former buddy of his ( deep rising's kevin j . o'connor ) and some " americans " . . . and guess what ? yup , ihmoetep ( arnold vosloo ) awakens and wreaks havoc . fire flies from the sky , flesh-eating beetles crawl about , and , well , ihmoetep's plan begins to unfold . ok , so it's not really all that new a story , but the way sommers tells it is entertaining enough . the special effects from industrial light and magic are top notch , and the acting from fraser and weisz isn't half bad either . the action is pretty intense ( favorite scene : the sandstorm ) and there are a few shocking scenes just to jolt you horror-loving folks as well . no , it's no phantom menace beater , but if you're looking for a solid warm-up to the summer movie season , you won't find a better film under wraps than the mummy . if this doesn't give fraser forgiveness from blast from the past and encino man , then nothing will . 
director : tom holland writers : don mancini , john lafia , and tom holland starring : catherine hicks , alex vincent , chris surrandon , brad douriff , dinah manoff , tommy swerdlow , jack colvin , neil guintoli we all know the fate of " child's play , " which is the same for almost any film these days that does marginally well financially : sequel hell . with the newest installment in the quasi-popular series currently out ( that would be " bride of chucky " - and it grossed 11 million in its opening weekend , which i think is the sign of the apocalypse number five ) , it's kinda fun to go back and see how it all began rougly ten years ago with the original , a task which is a retread for some , and for others ( namely myself ) a chance to see what all the fuss was about . alas , the original " child's play " actually isn't that bad . even seeing it in the tiny , claustrophobic , and mechanically-challenged theatre at my college wasn't the horribly dull experience i thought it would be , not just because of the nicely rowdy crowd ( which you almost need to watch a film like this - and if you don't believe me , try and watch this flick by yourself one day ) , but because as a whole , this isn't a bad movie . it's not great , but it does have two things that many horror films like this one don't have : 1 ) a rather nifty premise , and 2 ) a sense of humor , both which save this from horror hell , which is precisely where , say , " i know what you did last summer " has recently gone . the premise of " child's play " is that a serial killer named charles lee ray ( brad douriff ) is shot and almost killed by a chicago hard-boiled detective ( chris surrandon - see what happens to some oscar nominees ? ) , and before he dies , utters a voodoo chant that sends his soul directly into a kid's doll called chucky , a doll which has got to be the scariest-looking kid's doll i've ever seen . the next day , a bum who's stolen it sells it to single-mother karen barclay ( catherine hicks ) , who then gives it to her young son andy ( alex vincent ) for his birthday . of course chucky begins talking to the kid and trying to find a way to get out of the doll , but certain twists come up . like the guy he learned voodoo from reveals to him that the only way to break the curse is to take over the body of the first person he told he was inside the doll , that being andy . and soon enough , chucky is killing people either for revenge or for what seems like fun , and people are discovering that chucky isn't just a kiddie doll one by one . the idea is a neat one , ripe for lots of comic terror , and luckily it utlizes a lot of that . it plays with an idea stolen from a classic looney toons short that when someone knows that chucky is alive , they tell people about it , but when he tries to prove themselves , chucky does nothing , and everyone thinks they're crazy . it plays with this , as well as the whole child-like thought that dolls and toys come to life , and even manages to cram in a couple really frightening moments . even if there's an entire sequence devoted to cliches ( a woman alone in a house hears a noise , goes to investigate it , and finds nothing , but wait for the kicker a second later ! ) , there's also a harrowing car ride with chucky trying to knife the detective from the back seat , and then trying to attack him when the car finally crashes , leaving the viewer with at least rather visceral exprience . the ending is rather fun , as well , albeit a tad too drawn-out ( about four different endings , maybe five ) , and the characters are more intelligent than the average horror film line-up , making them easier to sympathize with . if there's one horrible thing about many horror films , it's that the protagonists are morons who you can't help but shout obscenities at , and for the most part , " child's play " steers away from that . and most of all , the chucky character is a good one , not just because he provides instant comic relief ( look ! that doll's moving on its own ! ) , but because he's a generally scary character . if there's anything really wrong with " child's play , " it's that it's too trite and has too less self esteem . at almost 90 minutes , " child's play " features way too less to be a real classic of horror . it throws itself into a simple three act set-up that renders it quick and almost forgettable if it weren't for the fact that the film deals with a psychotic doll . if the film had more confidence in what it was presenting , it would really push the envelope and become even more than just a short bit of horror escapism , which is precisely why this kind of film is only memorable as a cheap little horor film . . . which isn't necessarily a bad thing . as such , " child's play " is content to be just the short , typical horror film , but saves itself via a sense of humor and a nice quasi-campy feel that makes it much more enjoyable than the average short , typical horror film . 
starship troopers ( 1997 ) rated r for graphic sci-fi violence and gore , and for some language and nudity .  starring : casper van dien , denise richards , dina meyer , jake busey , neil patrick harris , patrick muldoon , and michael ironside . ladies and gentlemen , 1997's independence day is here ! it's title : starship troopers . and surprisingly , it is more entertaining than id4 . i realize that i gave last year's sci-fi hit a 4 star rating , but i was under the spell of the powerful first hour . after subsequent viewings , i feel that independence day really wasn't as great as it seemed--though i still give it a positive review . starship troopers , on the other hand , has a mocking sense of humor , knowing perfectly well how ridiculous it may seem . as a result , starship troopers is a more exciting , energetic , and lively science fiction film . in fact , i probably could never get tired of watching this film . starship troopers is very reminiscient of star wars , another kick-ass space opera which reinvented the sci-fi drama altogether . while starship troopers is no star wars , it comes quite close , and the easiest assessment would be to call this film : " the 'star wars' of the 90s . " am i being to generous to this film ? perhaps , but when a science fiction film comes along that can mix humor and romance , effectively , into the warring races . in essence , this is the science fiction equivolence of pulp fiction . the easiest way to write a review of this film would be to compare it to other science fiction films , and i may have to . starship troopers is not quite an original film persay , but director paul verhoeven gives the film a " kick-the-aliens'-asses " style . id4 had this same style , except it was forced , most likely the cause of will smith having a major role . this new " star wars " has a very simple , basic plot : mankind vs . an alien species . the alien species in question here is the bugs , a seemingly advanced civilization of arachnid-type insects . however , the underlying morals of starship troopers are fleshed out with deadly accuracy . sometimes the morals are buried by the bloody violence and intense action scenes , but during quiet moments , we realize that starship troopers has something to tell us about our civilization . more than likely , these morals will be overpowered and quickly forgotten by the time the movie ends . and they should be . i doubt verhoeven intended this film to be a thought-provoking film . this is an " event " film , but surprisingly above average . it is extremely refreshing to watch a sci-fi war film , and actually root for the human side ( something independence day never achieved ) . starship troopers begins with a satirical portrayal of those strange " join the army " ads . mixing a web-based interface , these summations of events are refreshingly original . stating , " would you like to know more ? " , these short news bulletins give the film an immediate sense of humor , and we know we should not take it seriously . however , we also witness the murder of several troopers in battle , in a gory , yet funny , way . after witnessing the slaughter , the film jumps back one year , to setup what we just saw . we are introduced to johnny rico ( casper van dien ) and carmen ibanez ( denise richards ) . rico flirts with carmen by sending her messages over computer terminals in school classrooms . however , carmen isn't as interested in rico as she is in becoming a pilot . however , another classmate , dizzy flores ( dina meyer ) , has her eye on rico . unfortunately , rico isn't interested in dizzy . this setup is rather cliched , as is the result of the setup , but it still is fun to watch . carmen signs up to become a starship trooper , and as a result , rico signs up . and as a result , dizzy signs up . everyone is assigned a certain position in the academy : carmen gets the pilot position she wanted , carl jenkins ( neil patrick harris ) , a psychic , gets a position in the training program , and rico is left in the lowest class of the starship troopers : the mobile infantry . the main story follows rico through his trials and relationships . in reality , i found myself watching a space version of " melrose place , " but with better special effects . an hour into the film , the war begins . a sense of tension grew in the audience i watched this film with . the first hour may have been a funny ( sometimes unintentionally ) setup , but we grew to care for the flat characters , because no matter how hard i tried not to like the characters , their gorgeous looks won me over ( call me superficial , if you must ) . following the training sessions , which had many dramas in themselves ( too many to mention here ) , the troopers are sent to war . the bugs live on the planet klendathu , a planet which consists of dirt and rock , and pretty much nothing else . many dramas occur during the war , until finally the troopers realize that their is something behind the bugs' attacks . a sort of intelligence which masterminds the defense . the troopers are ordered to locate the " brain " and capture it . i hopefully left the plot as vague as possible , because starship troopers is not about plot . it's about special effects and gory violence . director verhoeven , most known for his nudie film showgirls and basic instinct , returns to his sci-fi days , which gave us good films like total recall . verhoeven likes to push the envelope of the mpaa , but despite all the violence , the comic book feel gives the film a sense of falsehood . starship troopers is extremely violent , with more gore than this year's event horizon . the r rating is well deserved , and hopefully parents will not allow their 12 year old children to see it . my guess is that verhoeven's target audience is the 18 to 25 male group . the film has a testosterone level off the charts , with chiseled men and beautiful women . despite these superficial elements , starship troopers also creates a world which made star wars so successful . while watching the film , we never second guess the character's decisions because they seem perfectly clear . thankfully , no hero is punching aliens in the face , which gives the flat characters some depth for which we can identify with . the cast of starship troopers is quite annoying to begin with , but they soon grow on you . casper van dien has the chiseled facial features and tan skin which will make most girls swoon . to most guys , he will come across as artificial . fortunately , van dien is the worst of the cast , despite how hard he tries to come off as a real character . dina meyer does a much better job of fleshing out her character . her dizzy is extremely likeable . denise richards also does a good job , and her scenes are very well done . jake busey , gary busey's son , gives a wonderfully funny performance , and provides one of the biggest laughs of the film . neil patrick harris ( remember , he was doogie howser ) is a little wooden , and slightly out of place with the rest of the cast . however , he does give a good performance . michael ironside gives the best performance of the film as the teacher with one arm . his performance rises above the rest . perhaps it is because his character is the most developed , but i think it is just ironside's presence on screen . unfortunately , no particular cast member gives a star-making performance , which is too bad because the material here could have made many of the cast members stars . director verhoeven is the main star of the film . his direction is fast and unrelentless . he never slows down his pace , which makes for a wild ride . writer edward neumeier adapted the screenplay from the book by robert heinlein . the writing is usually very funny , and sometimes very corny . the dialogue is smart but not too smart . we aren't required to know everything , but some plot holes are left unanswered . thankfully we are not intended to notice , and we really don't ( except for one which lingered in my mind for quite a while ) . amazingly , with all the wars and romance going on , the screenplay manages to include some surprising governmental issues . in fact , these governmental changes seem fairly plausible , and this adds another layer to the story . the moral debate of the characters is quite surprising to find in a film of this genre , but what is even more surprising is the amount of humor included into all the carnage . i haven't laughed this loud , even in some comedies . oh , and the special effects are first rate . starship troopers is rated r for graphic sci-fi violence and gore , and for some language and nudity . believe me when i say this : don't take young kids to see this film . it is extremely violent . in fact , it is probably the most violent film out this year . however , if you are old enough ( over 17 ) to see it , starship troopers is guaranteed to entertain . it's been a long time since i have cheered for the heros , while also cheering for the bad guys . and still , it is my dream to see a sci-fi film in which the alien race destroys mankind , and take over the world . now that would be entertaining !  
susan granger's review of " bread and tulips " ( first look pictures ) in this delightfully frothy italian romantic comedy , after accidentally being left behind by a tour bus while on a family vacation with her cranky husband and two cynical teenagers , rosalba ( licia maglietta ) , an unhappy housewife from pescara , finds herself - and love - in venice . for the first time in years , rosalba's on her own when she's abandoned at a highway rest area . although her philandering husband ( antonio catania ) , a plumbing-supply dealer , orders her to stay there until she's picked up , she impulsively accepts a ride to venice , a bohemian paradise which she's never visited . rosalba finds refuge and romance with fernando ( bruno ganz ) , a gruff icelandic waiter who offers her a spare room in his modest apartment and prepares breakfast for her each morning . to support herself , she gets a job working with a florist ( antonio catania ) . film-maker silvio soldini gently explores the blossoming of this bored , middle-aged , middle-class woman with warmth and affection , savoring special moments such as when rosalba starts playing the accordion again and abandons her maroon stretch pants , silver jacket and orange sneakers for a simple , new red-and-white dress with platform-soled espadrilles . the superb actors slip into their roles seamlessly , particularly luminous licia maglietta and low-key bruno ganz , along with marina massironi as her nosy massage-therapist neighbor and giuseppe massironi as the inept plumber-turned-private eye who's sent to retrieve her on orders from her frantic husband - who's discovered that his mistress has no interest in doing his laundry or cleaning the house . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " bread and tulips " is a beguiling , escapist 8 . as the summer ends , it's a magical getaway for mature audiences . . 
slavery is bad . after hundreds of years , we've finally figured that one out . this almost universal belief is the both the strength and weakness of director steven spielberg's latest " serious " film . during the late 1830s , a portuguese slave ship carries a cargo of black men and women kidnapped from their home on africa's west coast to cuba to be sold into slavery . fifty-three of them are stuffed into the " la amistad " ( from a spanish word for " friendship " ) by their new spanish owners . freeing himself from his chains , senge pieh ( djimon hounsou ) , renamed cinque by his masters , leads a bloody revolt . after killing most of the crew , the africans force the remaining sailors to return them to their home - or so they think . instead the ship heads up the coast to the united states . the amistad is boarded by an american naval ship and the revolutionaries are put on trial in connecticut for murder and piracy . the legal question becomes are they free men fighting justly for their freedom or are they property . if they are property , who do they belong to ? their masters ? the spanish government ? salvage rights of the officers who captured the ship ? the us government ? the defendants are pawns in several games . abolitionists theodore joadson ( morgan freeman ) and lewis tappan ( stellan skarsgard ) want to free them , but tappan sees them primarily as a means to further the cause . their lawyer roger baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) views the case as a simple one of property rights and a chance to make his share of legal fees . south carolina senator john c . calhoun ( arliss howard ) pursues the case for the political advancement of the southern states . president martin van buren ( nigel hawthorne ) is willing to force the result towards his own political ends . when the verdict looks to free the africans , van buren replaces the judge with one more sympathetic to his wishes . even that doesn't work and the new judge frees the kidnap victims . at the urging of calhoun , the president then appeals the case to the supreme court , populated by a majority of slave-owners . this little-known ( try finding it in any history text book ) incident from america's past would have gone down a darker path were it not for former president john quincy adams ( anthony hopkins ) who is persuaded to argue the case before the supreme court . the slavery issue is easy pickin's for spielberg . much like his " shindler's list " ( which followed " jurassic park " as this follows " lost world " ) , the moral sides are not difficult ones to choose . nazis and slave traders : both treat groups of others as less than human . it's not hard to see who the bad guys are . without that question to ponder , the director's job is more difficult . he has to make the story interesting . spielberg succeeds for the most part . the visual aspect of the film is beyond reproach . where the movie falls down is a bit more subtle . there are very few _people_ in the tale . in fact , cinque is the only character who is fleshed out . tappan and joadson are " abolitionists " : symbols but not humans . van buren is a weak politician but nothing else . the rest of the " slaves " barely exist other than dressing for the set . like many other films about people of color , almost all the major players are white . the film's salvation lies in the acting strength of everyone involved and the powerful presence of hounsou . the former model's first major role is a winner . without speaking more than five words of english , he conveys more emotion than most actors with a thousand lines of dialog . the other stand-out is hopkins who seems to be making a career out of portraying american presidents ( he also played the title role in " nixon " ) . the impassioned speech by the doddering old man who phases in and out of rationality is among the best court-room drama ever on the screen . there are some other great moments . especially impressive are the african's struggle to understand what is going on in the strange land . their interpretation of the bible based solely on the pictures and their own experiences is poignant . as grand as the epic is , it would have more impact had it focused more on the experience from the point of view of the africans . more humanity in the fight for humanity would have made it a four-star film . ( michael redman has written this column for a real long time and is just now getting around to seeing some 1998 films . ) [this appeared in the 2/12/98 " bloomington voice " bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be contacted at redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
rat race ( 2001 ) . starring rowan atkinson , lanai chapman , john cleese , whoopi goldberg , cuba gooding jr . , seth green , jon lovitz , breckin meyer , kathy najimy , amy smart , dave thomas and vince vieluf . screenplay by andy breckman . directed by jerry zucker . rated pg-13 . if you want some hearty laughs , then rat race is the movie for you . this unpretentious little comedy , which sneaks into theaters today with very little hype , will have you bouncing in your theater seat . and while the film fits neatly into the low-brow , slapstick school of comedy , one refreshing aspect is its lack of mean-spiritedness . the plot follows a group of people chosen at random by an eccentric las vegas casino owner ( john cleese ) who must race from vegas to a bus station locker 700 miles away in silver city , n . m . inside the locker is a duffel bag containing $2 million . the first one to open the locker , gets the bag and the money . what the group of participants doesn't know is that cleese's donald sinclair ( " i can do anything i want - i'm eccentric ! " ) is staging the race as a betting game for a group of high rollers at the hotel . the participants include vera ( whoopi goldberg ) and merrill ( lanai chapman ) , a newly reunited mother and daughter ; disgraced pro football referee owen templeton ( cuba gooding jr . ) ; italian tourist mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) ; randy pear ( jon lovitz ) and his family ; the bumbling con men duane and blaine cody ( seth green and vince vieluf ) ; and cynical young lawyer nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) . various amusing encounters and mishaps befall the participants en route to silver city . screenwriter andy breckman adds a nice touch by not having the racers try to sabotage one another . the most side-splitting situations involve vera and merrill's encounter with the squirrel lady , a nice nutsy cameo by kathy bates ; owen's commandeering a charter bus full of lucille ball look-alikes on their way to a lucy convention ; the cody brothers misadventures with a hot-air balloon , a flying cow and a monster truck ; and the pear family's stopover at a barbie museum , which turns out not to be what they think it is . the pear family situation is a fine example of the way breckman's script builds the laughs . without going into detail , this bit segues from the museum to hitler's touring car , to eva braun's dark lipstick , to lovitz burning his tongue , culminating at a ceremony honoring world war ii veterans . rat race's cast is first rate . cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . " the film is directed by jerry zucker , who knows something about comedy . along with his brother , david , and friend jim abrahams , he was responsible for such hits as airplane ! and ruthless people . a throwaway subplot , which is good for some laughs , features cleese and his buddies , betting on a series of outlandish situations , including one dealing with a hooker and pepto-bismol . this is a fun little feature . the only letdown comes at the finale , which is too touchy-feely and sweet , almost negating what came before it . rat race is a summer sleeper , but it will keep you awake , as will the laughter of those watching around you . bob bloom is the film critic at the journal and courier in lafayette , in . he can be reached by e-mail at bloom@journal-courier . com or at bobbloom@iquest . net .  other reviews by bloom can be found at www . jconline . com by clicking on golafayette . bloom's reviews also can be found on the web at the internet movie database : http : //www . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? bob + bloom 
release date : september 25 , 1998 starring : robert de niro , jean reno , jonathan pryce , natascha mcelhone , stellan skarsgard , sean bean , katarina witt directed by : john frankenheimer distributed by : metro-goldwyn-mayer mpaa rating : r ( strong violence , some language ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1998/ronin . htm there exists a litany of differences between a successful action movie and a successful suspense movie . action movies are typically devoid of plot other than a simple byline which can string together several explosive sequences , while suspense movies hinge on plot and subtlety and the ability to bring everything full-circle . for fans of both genres , however , realism is key . action fans want to know that the weapons and methods their heroes are using are authentic , and suspense fans want everything to fall into an explainable framework by the movie's end . on this advice , director john frankenheimer ( the island of dr . moreau ) strives for realism in an interestingly dynamic balance of suspense and action for his latest thriller , ronin . the depth of intrigue in ronin is quite amazing , considering the fare that's fallen into the same category over the last few years . the script , written by j . d . zeik in his big-screen debut , approaches levels of complexity that had people spinning away from mission : impossible two years ago . a certain number of people will be lost by this , but afficianados will appreciate it all the more and return multiple times . frankenheimer masters the script with poise , and tells us a dark but stoically realistic tale of a group of post-cold war mercenaries working to earn their paycheck . his ability to convey feeling and character while promoting explosiveness and tense atmosphere works well here , and ronin becomes a better movie because of it . robert de niro headlines this cast of noteworthies in a performance that is the most outstanding of his in quite some time . he takes command and offers much gravity as the ex-spy sam , a man who's called to france to help a shady operations controller named dierdre ( natascha mcelhone ) recover a package . the package becomes the central motivator for the entire cast , especially once the requisite double-crossing begins , and its role is skillfully penned by zeik . at times , however , zeik's tale becomes almost too reminiscent of mission : impossible - de niro might easily become tom cruise , the package might become cruise's computer disk . fortunately , the focus here is almost entirely on the package , whereas in mission the script was more concerned with the double-cross and why it happened . the action content is impressive , and it lives up to the hints given in previews . the only fans who will be disappointed are those who expect full-blown combat scenes and instead are forced to suffer through moments of slowness . ronin does take a degree of intelligence to follow all of the nuance from start to finish , but even the uninitiated will be able to keep a grasp on most characters mand subplots . the suspense tapers off considerably by the end , a bit of a drawback because of its height at the movie's open . considering these factors it's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it's another good bet this month . since quality is usually sparse during the early fall months , it's definitely worth the visit . 
close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of stephen rea's gaelic brogue , silky smooth and irish like a pint of guinness . a lackadaisical , naughty little schoolboy voice that flirts and gambols . an acerbic , sing-song metered voice that evokes the startling imagery and language of anthony burgess' " a clockwork orange . " a voice that deliciously conjures scenes both porcine and puerile , like those out of " delicatessen , " or " the tin drum . " imagine all of that , and you'll get a good sense of what you can expect from " the butcher boy . " imagine that and more . neil jordan's latest film " stars " rea in more ways than one . rea , the accomplished irish actor most notable from his star turn in jordan's " the crying game , " contributes a restrained and managed performance as da brady , a small town drunk in an unnamed irish community in the 1960s . but it's his wall-to-wall narration as the butcher boy of the title , da brady's son , francis , that makes rea's " performance " worth watching , worth listening to . 
tibet has entered the american consciousness slowly during the past few years and burst into the forefront recently . the dalai lama has made speaking tours , tibetan designs and artifacts are showing up in shops , the plight of the people has captured the imagination of major actors and artists and now there are two big budget films within as many months . " kundun " ( " presence " , a name the monks call the young dalai lama ) opens in 1937 with the search for the 14th incarnation of the tibetan leader . a group of monks enters a village and a two-year-old child catches their attention . the young boy proves himself by identifying possessions of the previous holy man as " mine " . he and his family are then moved to a monastery in lhassa where he is to be prepared to take his position as the religious and political leader of the country . he is forced into difficult decisions when china invades the country in 1950 . the peaceful and isolated country is ill-equipped to fight off the intruders and diplomatic attempts over the next years yield no results . eventually he must make the painful choice to flee to neighboring india . comparisons to " seven years in tibet " are inevitable . both films cover much of the same ground although the earlier movie does so from a westerner's point of view and features boxoffice draw brad pitt . " kundun " features only native actors and is more of an insider's story . in some ways , this makes this film a superior concept , but it lacks the movement and spark that made " seven years " such an audience-pleaser . the actors contribute to the realistic feel of the movie ( filmed in morocco for obvious reasons ) . the only disappointment is chairman mao who looks like a wax dummy and moves as if he were a computer-generated character . on an intellectual level , it is interesting to see how two different approaches handle the same facts . some events are depicted differently and pitt's austrian mountain-climber who was portrayed as a pivotal influence in the dalai lama's life isn't even mentioned here . glossed over in " seven years " , the problems with the tibetan political system is hinted at here as the dalai lama muses " we were just about to change things " after the chinese attack . the film is magnificently beautiful thanks primarily to the cinematography of roger deakins . his lingering camera shows the exotic tibetan culture with luscious detail . especially striking is an extreme moving close up of a sand mandala grain by grain . the visual treats more than make up for the movie's faults creating a poetic meditation for the audience . walking out of the theater you feel like you have awakened from a transcendental experience . martin scorsese , known for his dark tales of the underworld ( " goodfellas " , " taxi driver " , " casino " ) has shifted gears . something of a thematic follow-up to his " the last temptation of christ " , this is his slowest film yet . oddly enough for a director with a history of graphic violence presenting a history filled with atrocities by the chinese , most of these events take place off-screen . his decision to not over-explain rituals is commendable . the stumbling oracle who spits out his prophecies while in a trance state is much more effective as a mystery than if we were spoon-fed interpretations . philip glass's score is impressive although at times it is too overwhelming and distracting . i talked to a tibetan i met outside the theater who had just seen the film and was walking back in to see it again . hearing his description of how he escaped from tibet at the age of seven and how his father was one of the soldiers accompanying the dalai lama during his trip to india , i was struck by what was missing in the movie . as grand as it looks and as historically accurate as it is , there is a distance between the audience and the movie . the film is more concerned with visuals and history and less so with human beings . with the exception of a few scenes , involvement with the characters is slight . one of those exceptions is the portrayal of the young dalai lama , shown as a mischievous boy who can't resist being a kid sometimes . an encounter with his older brother thubten j . norbu ( a retired indiana university professor ) who tells the young leader the chinese have ordered him to persuade him to accept communist rule or kill him is an outstanding moment , but there aren't many of these . even with its problems , the " kundun " experience is phenomenal , but one that i fear most will miss . many people who saw " seven years in tibet " will have a " been there , done that " attitude . it's likely that the film will miss a wide-spread appeal and public response will be the sound of one hand clapping . ( michael redman has written this column for over 22 years : 18 years less than the dalai lama has been in exile . electronic meditations can go to redman@bvoice . com .  ) [this appeared in the 1/22/98 " bloomington voice " , bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be reached at redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
when i saw the trailer for this film , i laughed harder than i had in quite some time . while i was therefore pretty well psyched to see it , i was ever mindful that a trailer can make even the most mediocre film look good . i'm happy to say that there's something about mary is not one of those trailer let-downs . in fact , watching this film was quite a fine way to spend two hours . the film opens up in flashback to 1985 , at a high school in cumberland , rhode island . ted stroehmann ( ben stiller ) is a social reject who can't seem to get a date to the upcoming prom , until he comes to the defense of the mentally retarded warren ( w . earl brown ) , who's being harassed by one of the school jocks . it seems warren's sister is the campus queen , mary jensen ( cameron diaz ) , who is impressed with ted's willingness to stand up for her defenseless brother , despite a very real chance of getting beaten up . mary takes an immediate liking to ted and asks him to the prom . ted was just flattered that she even knew his name . unfortunately , prom night is ruined when ted has an accident with his zipper ( at which every man in the theater will wince ) , and is sent to the hospital . fast forward to the present , where ted has cleaned himself up , now writes for a magazine , but has weekly therapy sessions in order to deal with his obsession of the past 13 years : mary , whom he hasn't seen since that fateful day . with the help of his friend dom ( chris elliott ) , ted hires slimy private investigator pat healy ( matt dillon ) to track down his only love . however , when pat finds mary , he falls for her too , and soon the both of them are competing for her affections . there's something about mary is directed by bobby and peter farrelly , who brought us dumb and dumber and kingpin . not exactly intelligent comedies , they are of the guilty pleasure variety where you might not want your friends or co-workers to think you had such a great time watching them . with their current film , the farrelly brothers have come up with something you'll not only enjoy , but also won't mind talking about the next day at the water cooler . the film succeeds in employing a pretty wide range of comedic styles , from the subtle to the ridiculous , and while a few of the gags might be offensive to some ( seeming like residuals from the farrelly brothers' last two films ) they almost all work . i have not seen many movies in the recent past that shoot for the mark and so often hit it dead on . one minute you'll be laughing at something ted says , and the next you'll be howling at the sight of a dog dragging him across the floor of mary's apartment . one of the great things this film has going for it is ben stiller . he is perfectly cast in the role of ted , because he's a guy who just looks awkward in almost every situation . ted's a nice fellow and tries to do his best , but for some reason or another things just don't always work out . it's comical , but also has that kind of appeal where you really feel for the him and want him to come out on top . actually , i've liked stiller since he did a short which aired on saturday night live back in the mid-eighties . the film was like a theatrical trailer for a spoof on the tom cruise/paul newman film the color of money , entitled the hustler of money . in it , stiller played wince ( not vince ) who is taken under the wing of an older man ( played by john mahoney ) to become a big-time bowling hustler . it was parody at its finest , more of which showed up in the short-lived " the ben stiller show " on the fox network in late '92/early '93 . like " the critic " ( which aired on abc , then fox ) , i still mourn that show's cancellation . cameron diaz is absolutely enchanting for most of the film , although her character seems obsessed with perfection in the men she dates , and some of the qualities she looks for make mary look paper-thin at times . however , diaz pulls the role off with such panache and charm , that you can still see why she's got guys just falling over each other to be with her . heck , i even found her laugh to be cute , even though i thought it was annoying during an appearance she made on the tonight show last week . my girlfriend remarked that matt dillon doesn't change , and you know , it's really true . he and ralph macchio must hang out or something . maybe they live in dick clark's pool house . anyway , here's another good piece of casting , as dillon slips beautifully into the role of the guy who tries to worm his way into mary's heart . the supporting performances are also good . chris elliott has a bigger part than in the abyss ( yes , check it out next time ) , and less annoying than in cabin boy . lin shae , who plays mary's neighbor magda ( and also appeared as the landlady in kingpin ) , provides some good laughs , especially in scenes with her benji-like dog , which acts as the focal point for a few of the funniest moments of the film . lee evans , as mary's friend tucker , displays a flexibility in acting and accents which surprises and contributes to an interesting plot twist . the farrelly brothers and scriptwriters ed decter and john j . strauss keep the comedic pacing going so that there aren't any noticeable times where the film drags . the only problem i saw was their use of a couple of musicians who provide segues between several key scenes . they appear out of nowhere and actually sing plot-relevant information right toward the camera . it's a device which was amusing for about three seconds when they opened the film . after that it got a little annoying , and it's unfortunate that those spots interrupt what would otherwise be a smooth flow . fortunately , filled with sight gags , humorous lines , and solid comedic acting , there's something about mary will still have you laughing after you leave the theater . 
bowfinger -a review by bill chambers ( bowfinger@filmfreakcentral . net ) ( for screen , dvd , and reviews , plus cool contests , visit : film freak central - http : //filmfreakcentral . net bring a date . ) steve martin took an extended vacation from all facets of moviemaking a few years back ; he spent this time writing essays and short stories for " the new yorker , " several of which wound up in his hilarious hardback compilation , pure drivel ( 1998 ) . much of the book spares tinseltown from mockery , although he does riff on the racist comments made by marlon brando during a larry king interview , in a fine chapter called " in search of the wily filipino . " now , as writer and star of bowfinger , he offers the masses plenty of good reasons not to pursue a career in the cinema , perhaps finally venting the frustrations ( 'everything being made now is crap' ) that led to his brief retirement from hollywood . martin stars as bobby bowfinger , a roger corman-wannabe on the cusp of fifty and desperate for some success as a producer , quality of the projects be damned . his accountant ( adam alexi-malle ) proposes a movie called " chubby rain , " about aliens who travel to earth in raindrops slightly fatter than regular raindrops . bowfinger latches onto the idea immediately , and convinces his troupe of actor friends to appear in the film , based on the lie that america's top box office draw , kit ramsey ( murphy ) , has agreed to star . ramsey , of course , wants nothing to do with such low-grade material , so bowfinger , on the thinking that action stars need to run , not speak , decides to photograph the superstar surreptitiously . he sends his cast members ( who aren't in on it , either ; they are told ramsey hates the sight of cameras and fraternizing with his co-stars ) to ramsey's table at restaurants , asks them to follow him in parking lots , etc . , spouting script dialogue , all the while shooting the outcome from a great distance . the paranoid ramsey flees the scene nearly every time . ramsey is a member of mind head , a cultish self-help organization apparently dedicated to recruiting celebrities . ( as if that's not familiar enough , mind head guru terry stricter ( terence stamp ) has been dressed and combed to resemble l . ron hubbard , founder of scientology . ) when he goes to mind head with tales of caucasian strangers appearing from nowhere to babble " white code " in his face , they fear the nervous breakdown of an important client and rush him off to a retreat , requiring bowfinger to find a stand-in . murphy will probably win more fans as jiff , ramsey's adorable , ignoramus double , than as kit , but it is his portrayal of the latter that took courage . always surrounded by an entourage , suffering from a racial inferiority complex , murphy plays right into the tabloid image of himself . furthermore , consider the enemies he'll make of popular scientologists . pacing stricter's neutral-coloured office as if on an amphetamine binge and stripped of his bigshot veneer , ramsey is asked to shout inane personal affirmations repeatedly . murphy's scenes with stamp are exactly what i imagine of a john travolta " clearing . " not that murphy is entirely responsible for this schtick ; bowfinger is steve martin's invention . his script is surprisingly clever as satire , given that the pseudo-religion is a sitting duck , as is the entire los angeles film industry . ( the griffin mill-types take quite a beating , in the form of robert downey jr . as bigwig jerry renfro . ) martin's decision to tell the story from a bottom feeder's point of view is what keeps it fresh and innovative-never have we seen on screen a group of people struggle this hard to complete a motion picture . as expected , there are laughs only to be had insiders or buffs , such as martin's crew of mexican border-jumpers , who gain unexpected appreciation for the classics from reading " cahiers du cinema , " or martin's nonsensical explanation to dave , his loyal cinematographer ( jamie kennedy ) , that every movie , in the end , has a budget of two-thousand dollars ( ! ) . most of bowfinger is universally funny , however ; i defy any viewer to keep a straight face when christine baranski , one of our brightest comediennes , is on screen . bowfinger's main flaw is a plot twist that has an insubstantial aftermath . we're also asked to believe that a few simple close-ups of kit ramsey would redeem " chubby rain , " z-grade entertainment that would make ed wood blush . ( this aspect of bowfinger has much in common with the ludicrous oscar sequence in oz's last directorial effort , the poorly conceived in & out . ) these are significant enough weaknesses that they distracted from my enjoyment of the piece . as i mentioned at the start of this review , bowfinger offers solid reasons not to do what heather graham's character daisy does : hop a bus to hollywood in search of stardom . that said , it offers one fantastic reason to get on that bus : the sense of community between filmmakers who gel is awesome . martin gets sentimental by story's end as he did in l . a . story , and how could he not ? for those who can hack it , the movies might be the greatest business in the world . 
member of the 'internet movie critics association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html 'lethal weapon 4' is the film mel gibson said he would never do . never say never . with a pay cheque of 20 million dollars and a guarantee of 20 per cent of the film's earnings , " never " is a word the isn't found in mel's vocabulary . this is a film made for one reason and one reason only : pure profit ! that is always the case with sequels but in the case of warner brothers , it is particularly a show of desperation since they have had a number of flops recently and need a hit badly . i don't have a problem with movie sequels because in many ways , they're equivalent to visiting an old friend as you come back for more and more fun each time . 'lethal weapon 4' isn't a terrible movie , it's just one too many and the franchise is starting to show one thing : age ! mel gibson , danny glover , joe pesci and rene russo are all starting to show signs of aging . not too badly but in comparison to the other films : a lot . as 'lethal weapon 4' opens , the streets of l . a . are once again endangered , this time by a psychotic , protected with body armor who fires automatic rounds and shots from a flame-thrower in any direction he pleases . riggs and murtaugh ( gibson and glover ) eventually put a stop to his antics with humourous results and the film move forward from there . the central plot of 'lethal weapon 4' is an immigrant smuggling ring run by an old asian warlord whose right hand man ( jet li ) is a cool and frightening martial arts expert who silences his enemies by putting his moves on them . some of the immigrants brought to america are to work as slaves and murtaugh takes a family under his wing and has them live at home with his wife and children as a way of understanding how slavery affected his ancestors . all the while illegal but definitely the humane thing to do . riggs and his girlfriend lorna ( rene russo ) are expecting a baby any day now , as is murtaugh's daughter who is married to a cop ( chris rock ) , a man who works with riggs and murtaugh and a man murtaugh doesn't know is married to his daughter because she was afraid to tell him since he was always against her marrying a cop . murtaugh later finds out about his new son-in-law while getting high on some dentist's laughing gas and the humour is what has always saved these movies from falling into the abyss . this movie certainly stays within the tradition of slick action movies with the key emphasis being on the word " slick " . the slickest and best installment of all the 'lethal weapon' movies is #2 which had the most bruising story and climax of all . it also introduced us to joe pesci as leo getz who became the comic relief of the series and although his character was badly used in #3 , he is better this time around . director richard donner keeps the movie alive with well photographed and edited scenes of action and ranks as one of the action genre's most talented contributors . i'll probably put 'lethal weapon 4' in my video collection for the sake of uniting it with other members of its family but i'll probably watch it the least as it is the least of all the 'lethal weapon' movies , without hesitation . 
starring : christian slater , morgan freeman , randy quaid , minnie driver , ed asner ingredients : pouring rain , small flooded town , damn about to burst , bad guys going after millions of dollars synopsis : at one point in the story townsperson karen asks hero tom what happened to her church . he replies something like : " the church is flooded but at least the floodwaters put out the big fire . well , the fire wasn't that bad , since , while the church was burning , looters apparently thought it was safe enough to break through all the priceless stained glass windows . " in hard rain a small town is nearly deserted due to flooding . everyone has had to evacuate because it's raining , and now floodwaters are rising so high that buildings are being submerged and the nearby dam is about to break . enter a working class smart-alecky new armored car driver named tom ( christian slater ) . suddenly his security truck carrying over three million dollars gets stuck on the flooded street and is waylaid by armed looters . tom has no choice but to grab the bag full of money , hide it , and swim for his life . this makes for an action movie full of jet skis , speedboat chases , and gun battles , as tom tries to evade and outsmart corrupt cops and armed looters until the national guard can answer his distress call . he is befriended and aided by a spunky churchgoing young woman from town named karen ( minnie driver ) . but unknown to tom and karen , the national guard never heard tom's initial distress call . will tom and karen survive the natural and manmade disasters ? opinion : don't expect thought-provoking issues or dramatics . there's not much more to this movie than hiding , running , swimming , shooting , and saving handcuffed heroes from drowning , but that's what makes it escapist and fun . relax , take your shoes off , and break out the popcorn . 
director : tony kaye writer : david mckenna starring : edward norton , edward furlong , avery brooks , fairuza balk , beverly d'angelo , stacy keach , jennifer lien , ethan suplee , guy torry , eliott gould , william russ , paul le mat it's tough to really say something nice about a type of person who's so ethnocentric that any humanity they once had is now gone , but by god , " american history x " does it , and for that , i commend it . it not only takes balls but intelligence to make a human being out of a neo-nazi skinhead , a kind of person who dedicates their lives to hating anyone who's not what they are , and this film wisely and miracurously pulls it off . the subject of this film is one of them , but he is worse than one of the blind followers that make up most skinhead members since he is the leader of the pack . he's the one who instigates them to take a firm grip onto their rage , and then in another brilliant stroke , justifies it with political propoganda that makes eerie sense when he speaks . he's so utterly convincing as a public speaker and so firm in his convictions that it comes as a shock when he actually goes through the rehabilitation process . his name is derek vinyard , and he's played by edward norton with so much fire and intensity that when he speaks he's almost as convincing and arresting a public speaker as , say , malcom x . when we first see him , he's clean shaven , with a jet black swastica emrboidered on his left breast , a devlish goatee , and he's attacking the black carjackers outside of his house dressed in nothing but his white boxers and carrying a handgun in his hand that never seems to run out of bullets , at least when he doesn't need them . he so believes in his convictions that he's willing to put his beliefs to the test , even if he knows it will mean a stop in prison , if only for a couple years . " american history x " is about derek , how he became a neo-nazi skinhead , how he rose to power , how he was rehabilitated in prison after murdering two black men in a fit of rage that was less to do with the stealing of his car and more to do with proving himself , and how he tried to save others , namely his younger brother , from making the same mistake . we see him at all of these stages - as a smart teenager , a vicious hate monger , a man having an epiphany , and the man who tries to correct what he's done before - and in all of these , we get a portrait of a man from all sides . or at least , that's the intention . the film's framing device is his brother , danny ( edward furlong , perpetually looking about 13 ) , also now a skinhead , and how his principal , bob sweeney ( avery brooks , who i just found out was or is the captain on star trek's deep space 9 ) , is trying to " correct " him . when the film opens , danny has just written a book report on " mein kampf , " landing him in trouble with sweeney , which causes him to make him write a paper on derek's life and how it has gotten him nowhere . coincidentally , this day is the day derek is released from prison , and when we see him , he's cleaned-up , not as buff , and has a full head of hair . he's just as intelligent , but still very rough along the edges , but he's wisened up . he's no longer controlled by his anger at blacks and jews , and tries to persuade danny , who's becoming what derek was before , to give up his lifestyle . but danny won't . he goes to a large skinhead beer bash , meets with the skinhead leader ( stacy keach ) , and then discovers that derek is as opposed to neo-nazi-dom as he was for it a couple of years ago . the film circles around this , then spins off into non-linear flashbacks , all done in black and white . we mostly see derek at his prime as a skinhead , living in venice beach , organizing vicious and quasi-sadistic raids on local stores that no longer hire the white , middle-class teenagers since they can easily get cheaper illegal immigrants to do the same work , and mouthing off his theories on affirmative action and how illegal immigrants and blacks have destroyed the fundamentals this country was built on . to them , the white man is the one who has gotten the fuzzy end of the lolipop , and he not only speaks elloquently , forcefully , and intelligently , but he backs everything up with political reasons , justifying their rage at least to them . and frighteningly enough , much of what he says sounds true . " american history x " is a collection of really great scenes and moments , rather than a cohesive , great film that flows effortlessly from one moment to the next . in it , there are some of the best scenes i've seen all year . one scene features a dinner between derek's family , and his mother's newest boyfriend ( played with reserve by eliott gould ) , a jewish liberal who quietly disagrees with derek's rightist views , launching the scene into a fit of rage and anger that builds unparalled emotions in the audience ( gould's reaction to derek's final summation is unnerrving ) . another scene uses humor and traditional macho sex talk to build a friendship and a nice connection between derek and a black co-worker ( guy torry ) while folding laundry in prison . and another soon-to-be-classic is actually divided in two : the murder of the two black men that winds derek in jail , which contains a final murder so nasty that it may be the most revoltingly shocking all year . there's much more to appreciate , like the acting , which is uniformly good , with stand-outs coming from avery brooks , beverly d'angelo ( as the long-suffering mother ) , and gould ( who has one horrible line , but other than that , comes off with the best performance he's given in what seems like a really long time ) . norton walks off with the film , though , coming off with such intensity that he reduces anyone not doing an adequate job to rubble . in only the fifth movie of his career , norton has invented himself as one of the most reliable and intense actors of his generation , and maybe the best . there's nothing like it when norton really gets rolling in this movie , spewing out lines with such authority that he commands all attention from the audience , coming off with power similar to that of a young maron brando . that he allows the little emotions to seep through is amazing . sadly enough , this isn't going to be the great portrait of racism that it perhaps hopes to be . it's too unambitious and even a little contrived to really take off as either a powerful statement or an emotional masterpiece . the ending , especially , is pencilled in from other movies , tossed in just so the emotional keyboard can be trounced upon . some of the skinheads are reduced to mere cliches ( kevin smith regular ethan suplee fairs rather annoyingly as the " fat skinhead , " whose lines consist without fail of expressing his desire to eat more ) , and even the dramatic arc isn't as well travelled . furlong's danny never seems to really be learning a lesson , since the flashbacks refuse to show his point of view , and when he decides to make a change by the end ( which was inevitable ) , it doesn't seem like it has actually arrived there . even derek's descent into skinhead-dom doesn't seem justified . though his fireman father ( william russ , the dad from " boy meets world , " and don't ask me how i know that ) is killed by a black junkie , and even before he spoke against affirmative action intelligently , there never seems to be any real back story why derek became so intense about his beliefs . as such , one can see why the director , tony kaye , wanted to have his name removed . sorta . " american history x " is a very good movie , and i was very moved by it , but it could be a lot better , and the problem seems to be that the cut as it is is not up to what he claims to be his potential . somewhere , he claims , there lies a tony kaye cut , and that was to be the true cut until it was viewed by norton , who then ordered another cut , and that is thus . although he aimed for the directing credit to go to " alan smithee , " the resident name for any film that is to be disowned by its director , it wasn't allowed to him , under the grounds that once you disown a film , you can not badmouth it ( but really , that's the macguffin - no one really wanted a film this good to be given the alan smithee sign of disapproval ) . kaye's right in that it's not up to par , even if he's not referring to normal par but rather his own personal par . this will not be a " do the right thing " for the late 90s . yet it still gets its point across intelligently , and backs it up with its story ( its message , that one cannot be so enwrapped in one's own beliefs or pain and suffering will occur , is literally said over the narration , unfortunately ) . and even if it isn't perfect , at least when avery brooks turns to norton after he has been beaten and raped in prison , and asks him if anything he's done has made his life any better , it realy hits a nerve , not only in derek , but also in the audience . 
based on the relatively unknown ( in comparison to spider-man ) marvel comic book , blade tells the story of half-vampire half-human ( played by wesley snipes ) who was born of a vampire's latest meal . now swearing vengeance against all vampires , blade hunts them all . his latest challenge is his biggest though . . . he must stop the vampire deacon frost ( played by stephen dorff ) from summoning the blood god and turning the rest of the world into vampires . admitedly , comic books are one of the least appreciated mediums , often viewed as juvenile by most standards , even seen as illiterate by some . judging by a series of poorly recieved ( financial and critical ) comic book based films ( such as batman and robin , steel , barb wire , the crow : city of angels , and the list goes on ) , one would come to the conclusion that comic books are the worst medium to translate into film . to some degree , i agree with this sentiment . having read comic books since the age of nine ( i'm 21 right now ) i can count the number of good comic book based movies ( not including japanese manga ) one hand : 1 : the crow ( 1994 ) , 2 : batman ( 1989 ) , 3 : superman , 4 : the mask , and now , #5 , blade . ( " men in black " is not on this list because it is an extreme deviation from the original comic book ) why is this ? for the most part , it is because the filmmakers understandthe comic book medium and come up with an appropriate atmosphere to match . the crow and batman comics call for a dark gothic atmosphere , which the director provided . the mask features a wacky superhero with off the wall antics , which the casting and cg effects reflect . superman is not over the top with colour and flash , and the film reflects this . blade uses common notions of vampires and incorporates them into the film , creating an appropriate atmosphere . this is in stark contrast to joel schumacher's contrived vision in batman and robin , reflecting the dated atmosphere in the 1960's television show . batman and robin proved that the director failed to realize one fundamental fact : comics have grown up , and so has the audience ( i'm working on a scathing review of batman and robin and will post it up when i'm ready ) . which brings me back to blade . although he may be a familiar character to some , due to his appearances in the spider-man animated show on fox , one will find no single trace of the warm-and-fuzzy vampire hunter as depicted in the cartoon . the film depicts a vicious vampire killer that uses every single means at his disposal to reach his ends . the end results are not pretty by any means . the story elements work very well -- for a comic book story . screenwriter david goyer ( who also wrote the crow ) incorporates interesting elements of vampire lore , using science to explain many of the ideas often dismissed in vampire films . this is presented through karen , a hematologist portrayed by n'bushe wright . this leads to inventive use of standard medical treatments to kill vampires . add this to the neat little gadgets that blade uses ( including a titanium sword complete with an " anti-theft device " ) , and one has an interesting premise . however , the film works best as an action film . actor wesley snipes hasan extensive background in martial arts ( most of which comes from capoeira , a brazillian form incorporating flashy kicks ) , choreographing every single move . proving that quick , flash cutting edits are no substitute for choreographed fight sequences ( see batman and robin for a good example of that ) , wesley snipes dazzles the audience with some incredible fight scenes . regardless , this film is far from perfect . the film suffers from at least one major plot hole , regarding the summoning of the blood god . the ritual requires that a number of pure blood vampires are standing on marked squares , yet one of them is viciously murdered , allowing the ritual to pass ( and the murdered vampire is later shown standing on the square ) . obvious continuity errors also surface , especially during a scene where deacon frost takes a drag on his cigarette and is not exhaling it in the next frame ( there is no trace of smoke either ) . much of the special effects are not that spectacular either . while vampire disintegration scenes are intriguing to watch , other cgi ( computer generated imagery ) effects are almost slapped together , which is surprising when given the amount of time the film was given to be released ( the film's release date was pushed back multiple times ) . scenes with computer generated blood look extremely fake , knocking the believability factor down a few notches ( but then , i'm really hard to impress ) . the film's r rating comes from gory violence , but the lack of realism made me wonder why it got such a rating ( for realistic violence , 
starring mark whalberg , burt reynolds , julianne moore and heather graham one way of telling if a film is good or not is by the length . if a film is only 90 minutes , but feels like 300 minutes , then it's crap . but if a film last 2 1/2 hours , and feels like 90 minutes , then it's excellent . boogie nights falls into the latter catagory . the director , anderson , delivers a funny , hip , yet sometimes violent film , which flies along . mark whalberg , a . k . a marky mark , plays eddie adams , a seventeen year old with a certain 'gift' in the midriff area . jack horner ( reynolds ) is a adult film director , who decides that eddie would be great in the adult movie business . after running away from home , eddie joins jack , changes his name to dirk diggler , and starts making erotic movies . in the movie business , dirk meets a whole load of characters ( which the film introduces very quickly and slickly ) such as scotty ( phillip seymour hoffman ) , rollergirl ( graham ) amber ( moore ) and floyd ( phillip baker hall ) , and little bill ( william h . macy ) all the characters are well written , well played , and the audience gets to know them pretty well , thanks to the excellent script . we learn about ambers grief about not being able to see her child due to a divorce , rollergirls hard time at school , and little bills wife , who sleeps with everyone except her husband . but the best thing about the excellent boogie nights is paul andersons direction and writing . the direction is fast , thrilling , and never holds up . there are some great shots , some lovely steadiocam and handheld camera sequences , and lots of other neat directional touches . the writing is fabulous , with some intelligent dialogue , some funny dialogue , but none of the dialogue is crap , like most hollywood films ( such as the lost world : jurassic park ( 1997 ) , or tommorow never dies ( 1997 ) . ) boogie nights really is a spectacular feat of direction and writing , on par ( and sometimes betters ) quentin tarantino's films resevoir dogs ( 1992 ) and pulp fiction ( 1994 ) the soundtrack is also excellent . like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift . also , the costumes are great . the clothes really do look like what people wore in the seventies and eighties . the film , although excellent , does have some flaws . firstly , wahlberg , although excellent , cannot do highly scenes which require him to be angry . in both scenes where he has to act angry , his acting is so 'off' , the scenes tension and anger is lost . but the rest of the cast are excellent . burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . macy is great aswell ( but he always is . ) another flaw with the film , though , is that the ending seems a bit tacked on . it seems anderson saw the film was going on a bit , and needed to wrap up quickly . it's a shame , really , as the rest of the film is perfectly paced . but they're small niggles really . boogie nights is an excellent film . superb directing , writing , acting and music , all combine to make one spectacular film . whatever you do , do not miss out on boogie nights . 
barely scrapping by playing at a nyc piano bar , timothy hutton returns to his massachusetts hometown for a couple of weeks . on the surface , he's coming home for a high school reunion , but since this is a movie , you know that he's really looking for some major life decisions . a fairly " small " film , this sports an impressive ensemble cast including uma thurman , rosie o'donnell and a bunch of actors that you've seen before but can't quite place . commendable jobs all around ; they seem like real people . hutton arrives at his past and is greeted by his spirit-dead father , terminally goony brother and old high school chums . all of his old buddies are engaged in the snow removal business and most are in the midst of a relationship crisis . the perfect stuff for a comedy about people in the twenties angst . he meets and falls for the new next door neighbor : a beautiful intelligent lively girl who is obviously taken with him . the problem is that she is only 13 . unconsummated ( no , it's not _that_ type of movie ) , their relationship builds and neither knows what to do with it . star-crossed lovers with no where to go . so hutton is gaga over a barely-teen , one of his buddies is two-timing his girlfriend with a married old flame , another's girlfriend is sleeping with a meat cutter ( " and she's a vegetarian ! " ) . things are a mess . 
for more reviews and movie trailers , visit http : //www . joblo . com/plot : this movie takes place over one day . it's a rookie cop's narcotics training alongside a seasoned police veteran . the rookie doesn't know much about " street justice " , so the older cop teaches him about the way things work in the " real world " . how even cops like themselves have to " bend the rules " and " break the law " every now and then , in order to catch the really bad guys . critique : a pretty intense little movie with solid acting across the board , some ups , some downs and a thrilling ending , despite a couple of small flaws . i really enjoyed this movie because it followed two extreme characters and put them in situations which had me wondering about what i would do if i were in their place . the film gets right into the " dirty " side of , well . . . the dirt on the streets , and proceeds to teach the rookie cop ( and us , the audience ) how things really work down there . of course , we're receiving this lesson from a man who has put away a lot of scum in his time , but the things he seems to be doing aren't exactly on the up-and-up either . and therein , lies the fun of the film . do you agree that you yourself would need to break a few small laws in order to put away the people who break the really big ones ? well , as the film moves along , we're given two points of view in respect to this predicament , and to me , both sides made sense at some point or another . and you gotta give a lot of credit to the screenplay for that , the director , who builds the film up wonderfully ( with the darkness of the day leading to the darkness in the script ) and the two actors who deliver their parts in spades . hawke , first off , because he rarely plays these " commercial " roles but does so perfectly here , with a vulnerable side which has you feeling for the bastard right off the top . and denzel , well , what can you say about mr . washington that hasn't already been said before ? he comes through as per his usual high-level style here , and gives the audience a completely different side to his talent , of which , i personally would like to see more . he's nice , he's not so nice , he's smart , he's not so smart , he's caring and he's a dog all the way . the few problems that i did have with this film included the redundant nature of the whole thing at some point ( okay , we get it . . . you have to be nasty in order to deal with these nasty people . . . move on ) and this one really major " coincidence " which involved a bathtub , that saved the day for one character , but seemed a little too " convenient " for my taste . i also never really understood how washington's character got out of a certain dire predicament , only to be seen driving his car in the very next scene . but obviously these small flaws didn't taint my overall enjoyment of this tense drama , a film that gets you right into the streets , into the nooks and the crannies , and into the moral dilemma which lies between the justice system and the day-to-day drug busts . see it if you want to wrestle with some of these issues yourself , see it if you want to see denzel and ethan strike up a palpable chemistry on-screen , and see it if you like holding on to your seat-handles real tight during a movie . in fact , see it for the scene in which ethan hawke plays cards with a host of gang-bangers alone . . . dang , now that's intense ! where's joblo coming from ? the corruptor ( 7/10 ) - crimson tide ( 9/10 ) - l . a . confidential ( /10 ) - lethal weapon ( 8/10 ) - requiem for a dream ( 8/10 ) - seven ( 10/10 ) - shaft ( 7/10 ) - traffic ( 8/10 ) 
director : george armitage cast : john cusack , minnie driver , dan ackroyd and others the nice but somewhat strange martin blank ( john cusack ) has an uncommon profession . his nice clean office with secretary soon turns out to be a flourishing killer agency . but although the hitman business is going well martin has problems . they are of a more personal nature and he regularly stretches out on a therapist's couch to solve them . the therapy comes to an abrupt end when he finds out that all his therapist's book that he admired so much where written by a ghost writer . nevertheless he lets this psychoterrorist who has severe problems himself talk him into attending his high school reunion at grosse pointe , michigan . by doing this he combines business and pleasure for his next contract is taking him there anyway . moreover a visit to his hometown gives him the opportunity to meet his high school sweetheart debi ( minnie driver ) whom he left without saying good-bye ten years ago . unfortunately things don't go according to plan because there's a hitman going after martin as well . the sleepy little town is in for one hell of a ride . john cusack who wasn't able to show his talent in this year's blockbuster 'con air' can do so now . he is very convincing as the troubled killer who justifies his deeds by pointing out that he never kills innocent people . his methods are just as extravagant as his personality . it doesn't always have to be a gun , does it ? the president of paraguay e . g . was killed with a fork . you have to be creative in a job that doesn't require a college degree , much less a ph . d . tom jankewicz seasoned the script with a healthy dose of black humor to prevent it from being just another big gunfight and thus defuses the more brutal scenes . he doesn't quite reach the skillfullness of the coen brothers but the dialogues and the funny situations stop the viewers from thinking about the fact that many people are killed in this movie . e . g . in the scene when martin has to kill one of the hitmen that try to kill him in a corridor of his old high school during the reunion dance . with the help of a friend he wraps the body in a piece of decoration and burns it in the school's furnace . the attentive viewer asks him- or herself where the big bloodstain in the corridor has gone and why there are no other bloody marks . the coens wouldn't have let this happen . on the down side are - once again - the female parts . they remain one-dimensional as usual . here they are secretaries ( joan cusack ) or ex-sweethearts ( minnie driver ) . especially debi's part could have been better . debi who is a dj with her own call-in radio show doesn't hesitate to embarass her former lover in public asking her audience whether she should give him a second chance after ten years . martin watches this in horror and can't believe the punishments the callers suggest . unfortunately that's minnie driver's only good scene . a big plus is dan ackroyd as professional killer grocer whose job it is to kill martin . their exchanges are a joy to watch for every lover of bizarre humor . grosse pointe blank has too many loose ends and boring parts to be a masterpiece , but it makes a nice change to watch it in between blockbusters . sense of ( very ) black humor required . 
primary colors  produced and directed by mike nichols . written by elaine may , based on the novel by anonymous . photography , michael ballhaus . editing , arthur schmidt . production design , bo welch . music , ry cooder . cast : john travolta ( gov . jack stanton ) , emma thompson ( susan stanton ) , adrian lester ( henry burton ) , billy bob thornton ( richard jemmons ) , kathy bates ( libby holden ) , maura tierney ( daisy green ) , larry hagman ( freddy picker ) , paul guilfoyle ( howard ferguson ) , caroline aaron ( lucille kaufman ) , rebecca walker ( march cunningham ) , mykelti williamson ( the illiterate man ) , et al . a universal pictures release . 142 minutes . rated r ( language , sex ) some day in afghanistan , when they start showing films again and import " primary colors , " most viewers will make neither heads or tails of it . perhaps a mere handful of afghans will see it as a movie on the clintons . more , but still few viewers --never mind the sty in their eye --will think it is about the corrupt american electoral system and its strategies . it would be good if the american public could appreciate the movie both as clintonesque and as a kind of docu-drama of our politics , instead of the just the former , which is the majority perception . the fact is that " primary colors " is the filmization of the eponymous novel by former newsweek writer joe klein , published with " anonymous " as the author . klein , immediately suspected , at first denied , eventually 'fessed up . the book was a " roman a clef , " ( which means " a novel with a key " in french ) , the kind that shows historical facts and real people but disguised as fiction . the fiction is generally tricky so that the readers have to solve puzzles of identification . the faithful ( with some excisions ) movie version is a " film a clef , " but both incarnations are so transparent that they're not really very clef . john travolta plays the democratic governor of an unnamed southern state . his nom-de-film is jack stanton , jack as in kennedy , stanton as in clinton . he is running in the presidential primaries . his wife susan ( emma thompson ) is at his side , and she's a damn good campaigner and adviser . to stanton's staff --initially one of dedicated amateurs --is added the young idealist henry burton who wants to be part of history , and about whose late grandfather ( someone like martin luther king ) everyone gushes . stantonites include spin-doctor southerner richard jemmons , cute daisy green , troubleshooter-fixer libby holden , and others . jack and susan are " constructed " to look and sound as humanly as possible like bill and hillary clinton . henry burton , an african american , is derived from george stephanopoulos ( and played by a brit ) --a clever move because stephanopoulos is greek-american , hence , in terms of politics , a member of a minority , and henry is also a member of a minority . even more than stephanopoulos , he reinforces the aura of an all-inclusive , non-racist entourage . ( it also helps to get more black votes , of course ) . as jemmons , billy bob thornton is a projection of james carville . and so on , down the line . the film's opening is an inspired , funny visual and aural essay on the variety of hand-shakes the governor uses . it would stand by itself as a prize-winning short . then the portrait of jack is expanded , amplified and constantly added to . the man is a consummate politico who can pretend , manipulate , cajole , inspire , move , cheat , you name it , he can do it . in his first dramatic appearance , in a new york school where he encourages minority adults to get an education , stanton follows the sad tale of a black man whom illiteracy has seriously damaged , raptly and with swelling tear ducts . he segues with the heartbreaking story of his own uncle , a congressional medal of honor winner who refused all school scholarships or civilian offers , because--that was his shameful secret-- he too was illiterate . jack concludes with a moving and realistic paean of education . now here's a candidate who knows how to listen , who has sensible ideas , who understands the hurt of others . but hold on ! the uncle yarn will turn out to be pure invention . hold on again ! if quick-change artist stanton can lie like , well , a politician , he can also feel for other people . that's what makes jack such a complex , multi-layered fellow , and that's what the movie captures with amazing accuracy . this goes well beyond the simple jekyll-hyde transformation and into a far more devious and complicated character . jack has the searching eye of a ladies' man eye and a high level of testosterone . in his case as in others , those traits can be inseparable from other talents . it's one big ball of wax . i wager that the name " jack " was chosen to evoke jfk , not only for fast-thinking one one's feet but for sexual shenanigans too . just being next to stanton flusters so much the new york teacher who hosted the meeting that she keeps stumbling on stairs . she later comes out of jack's bedroom , while the governor does not even blink as his helpers , assembled in the hotel suite , watch her exit . nerves of steel ? nerve ? both . the complexity , which extends to most other aspects of the movie , makes " titanic " look like child's play , save for the specials effects . the " pc " director and writer are the once famous cabaret-type duo of nichols and may who , separated for years , were reunited on the stage , then for the film " the birdcage . " both are devilishly talented . i bet they hurried to finish " pc " while the presidential hubbub was at its then-apex . i also bet that they wished the film could have come out in the fall of 1998 , since that's when the likeliest oscar candidates will be released . while at today's date ( late march 1998 ) , " pc " leads the pack by light-years , the memory of voting academy members almost always disfavors pre-summer releases . back to henry , who is inducted in jack's ranks in a whirlwind recruitment . in " pc " we follow everyone , but it is henry whom we watch as the nearly always present thread , and as though he were the chorus of an ancient greek play . it is his actions , observations , reactions and reactions to reactions that make us , the audience , identify with this decent , able and likable young man . henry takes us everywhere , to the mechanisms , agonies and ecstasies of campaigning , including the new hampshire primary that ends with jack in second place ( to general jubilation ) well after the story's mid-point . much , if not most of the plot deals with the staff having to counter rumors , accusations or sometimes deliberate lies , and what seems to be a severe case of satyriasis ( that's the don juan syndrome , the male equivalent of nymphomania ) . among them is a phone call that incriminates jack as he talks sex with a hairdresser deliciously named cashmere mcleod . to the rescue comes gun-toting old pal libby ( kathy bates ) who seems to know everything and everyone and is wise to the age of electronics . more , i cannot divulge . the movie is fast , elliptical , humorous , amusing . it is also raunchy in speech , acts and behavior . as a farce , it is amoral , immoral , cynical and very funny . as an expose of political animals it has wild moments and touching moments . it peeks with savvy into the exhausting process of running for office , the higher the office , the more killing the effort . it pulls no punches , but understands jack stanton , warts and all . there's a magnificent night scene , the culmination of the collaboration between director , writer , set designer and the master cinematographer michael ballhaus . the camera pulls in doughnut-fancier jack sitting across the street in a glassed in a doughnut shop , chatting with true sympathy and empathy with the lone , gimpy employee . it's a rare , quiet interlude , an edward hopper moment of isolation , except that jack's presence promises some hope for the proletarian employee . it is also a moving moment of epiphany for stanton . and it justifies another scene : as billy bob is quitting his job ( he'll come back ) , he takes his leave of henry , asks him to stick with jack . " this one's worth it . " a speech to laid-off workers , from the heart and with no b . s . is as good as anything frank capra ever did , and far more believable . events that involve talk-show hosts larry king , charlie rose , geraldo rivera , bill maher ( as themselves ) , or rob reiner ( as izzy rosenblatt ) , keep hitting the mark . the reiner episode catalyzes changes that will affect jack's rival candidate . this sets in motion a crazy yet believable chain that ends up involving ex-florida governor picker ( larry hagman ) , who is the soul of decency --but has a secret . hagman underacts with admirable control , at the opposite pole of his famous " dallas " performances on tv . which brings me to the performers . they are a superb ( and superbly cast ) cast . as susan stanton , emma thompson has a number of choice scenes with terse and fast dialogue as well as reactions . she is attractive , at times seductive , even sexy . henry is endearing . libby is a great , bossy , volcanic strategist with pit bull determination , yet i have a feeling that her part is a bit overdone , not in acting but in her skills . nor am i too convinced by the final episode that concerns libby . ( no , i won't give it away . this is , after all , also a political thriller ) . then there's travolta , that lazarus of actors who came back from the dead with " pulp fiction . " he does very well , yet if you expect a total impersonation of bill clinton you simply won't get it . you might have , in a stage-play . but in a film , with its merciless close-ups , travolta can only be a semi-clinton . there's common agreement that the real president is as smart as they come , a well-educated thinker-doer . i'm not swayed by his rhodes scholarship since many scholars , even famous ones , are really duds . still , the real clinton leaves no doubts about his native intelligence . travolta can be a very fine actor . he gives a striking , cunning performance , but he cannot change his spots . if you don't allow jack his very own personality ; if you concentrate on the clinton/stanton parallels to the detriment of the bigger picture ; if you search for convincing clintonisms , no matter what travolta does , he does not exactly radiate with brains . in any case , directors and witers have to be intelligent , but thespians don't , so long as they have talent . there's no denying that a person with jack's characteristics could be a governor or president . or become a hollywood star . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
director : jim sheridan writers : jim sheridan and terry george starring : daniel day-lewis , emily watson , brian cox , ken stott , gerard mcsorley , ciaran fitzgerald , elanor methaven , kenneth cranham contrary to the title , " the boxer " is not another rocky story only this time spliced with some cold hard politics . it's actually three movies in one : a political film , a boxing film , and a love story . all of these work in their own respects and have some pretty decent balancing betwixt the three elements of the story , but somehow it seems kind of cliched and unoriginal . we've seen it all before , and we're just not blown away with it like we should be . oh well . it's still an excellent irish story . " the boxer " of the title is danny flynn ( jim sheridan staple daniel day-lewis ) , an ex-ira member who gets out of a belfast prison after 14 years , and finds out that his troubles are far from over . first off , the ira is having a small civil war between its leader joe hamill ( brian cox ) , and one of its sub-leaders , harry ( gerard mcsorley ) , both having opposing views on getting many of their members out of jail . while this is going on , danny and his old drunkard buddie , ike ( ken stott , who played the chief inspector in danny boyle's " shallow grave " ) , re-open an old gym which allows the two opposing religios sects , protestant and catholics , to work together . danny not only begins teaching kids how to box , but has stayed in great shape whilst in prison , and is ready to start boxing real people again . and danny runs into his ex-love , maggie ( " breaking the waves " 's emily watson ) , who hasn't seen him since he went in . they don't easily start up their romance again because she's the wife of a prisoner whom she married during danny's tenure in prison , and also has a son , liam ( ciaran fitzgerald ) , from him , whom liam is hoping will get out soon . but the two are slowly re-drawn to eachother again , and this begins to complicate things . the political story is nothing really special but works in itself . we've seen it many a time before , but it's at least interesting , sometimes emotional , and even riveting at times . there's a big riot towards the middle of the film which is frightening in its brutality and honesty . the boxing story is very minor to the story , but does represent people coming together to fight eachother fairly , and even with good sportsmanship . there are only a few boxing scenes , but they're never like " raging bull " /let's-strip-down-the-sport-to-its-bones brilliant . they're more realistic , and instead of bone crunching , we hear the sound of the gloves hitting eachother , which is slightly unerving at times . and i didn't know daniel day-lewis was in such good shape . but the backbone of the story is the love one . because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight . as the film goes on , and circumstances get worse and worse , the characters have to make real human decisions , and we can sympathize with them as humans not characters . this is how you write a love story - take note , hollywood . these elements are pretty much equally balanced , with each of the parts of the stories working hand-in-hand with eachother . i loved how each of the different parts of the plot mattered , and sometimes spilled over into the next . it made sure that we didn't just care for one of them . i'm not saying they're all equally great , because the love story really carries the film , but at least they all work out respectively . the acting is amazing , with day-lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry . i'm not sure if they're oscar-nominee bound , but they're very good . in the supporting roles , billy cox is greatly sympathetic as the ira leader losing control of his daughter and his workers . but the film is stolen acting wise by ken stott as ike , who is just a great scene stealer . the direction and co-writing by jim sheridan ( with the other co-writing credit going to terry george ) is excellent , rounding out the characters well , but not pacing everything greatly . i noticed that the first half was very leisurely ( yet fascinating ) , but the second half whirls by at a quick pace , and ends much too quickly . more time could have been spent thinking up the ending , since it does seem quite sloppy . though " the boxer " is a good film , it never achieves the greatness that it should . sure , it's a masterpiece compared to most of the hollywood drivel we usually get , but on it's own , it just could have been better . but it still works out , gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama , and features great acting . even if it could have been better , this'll do . 
review by lars lindahl ( larsattacks@mail . com ) starring matthew mcconaughey , harvey keitel , jon bon jovi , bill paxton , erik palladino , tom guiry , t . c . carson , david keith , jake weber , jack noseworthy , matthew settle , will estes , and dave power . i had lost all faith in pg-13 movies that are intended for teenagers and adults . the last dozen or so that i have seen have all felt incomplete , as if the most crucial scene was deleted in order to obtain a more lucrative rating . however , after seeing the creative frequency last week and now the exciting u-571 , my bias is beginning to go away . both films are as innocuous for younger viewers as they are intellectual for older viewers . even better , i didn't think either one of these films would be any good from first instincts . everyone loves surprises . u-571 looked like another action film using an actual war as an excuse to shoot torpedoes and bullets . this may be true , but the action is so extraordinary that it is clear director/co-writer jonathan mostow completed his ultimate goal ; to blow the audience's socks off . set during the early stages of world war 2 when the united states struggled to break the codes of the technologically advanced german u-boats , u-571 follows a small crew of american men who swipe the typewriter necessary to solve the enigma from an enemy ship . there's only one problem : the american ship they came from and hoped to return to has been shot down stranding the men on a german submarine known as ( you guessed it ) u-571 . it is now up to the mostly young and inexperienced sailors , led by an interim captain named tyler ( matthew mcconaughey ) , to return the typewriter to america without getting sunk by far superior german ships . the film starts off very slowly with a somewhat weak opening action sequence and another uneventful half an hour to introduce several of the sailors ( most of whom die when the mission goes awry or just inexplicably disappear ) . once the crew gets on the u-boat , the movie shifts to another level and never leaves this high energy level until the ending credits roll down . as soon as the action starts , it does not stop and luckily , because it is so exciting , i didn't want it to stop . this is not a movie for those wanting to avoid loud noises , from the wonderful , heart-pounding score to the constant yelling of panicking men , make sure you see this at a theater with surround-sound…otherwise , do not see it all . the best parts of u-571 are when tyler is forced to make impromptu decisions on how to escape seemingly impossible situations . throughout the movie , several morals or characters are introduced to make tyler's job as stressful as possible . germans gun down their own men , tyler's mentor captain dahlgren warns him that a captain has to be prepared to sacrifice even the most beloved soldiers for a victory , another sailor ( erik palladino ) threatens mutiny . all of these examples , and several others , increase the chaotic atmosphere and the importance of tyler's every move . they also make u-571 one of the most exhilarating movies i have seen in a while . 
rated r for horror violence and gore , language and some nudity . starring : geoffrey rush , famke jansen , ali larter , brigette wilson , taye diggs , chris kattan , lisa loeb , james marsters . running time : 115 minutes so here is the second of 1999's remakes of classic horror movies . the first was the dumb , pathetic but ok remake of the classic 'the haunting' . now comes the highly awaited remake of house on haunted hill . the classic which starred vincent price as a man who pays a group of people 100 , 000 to stay in his house . if they survive the night they get the money . if not well you get the jurisdiction . having not yet seen the film ( dvd on its way ) i wasn't sure if i would really like the remake . but sure enough it comes through and has a great storyline to fall back on . geoffrey rush ( in a fantastic role with an incredible performance ) is steven price , the owner of an amusement park destined to scare the wits out of people . his wife evelyn price is throwing a party with her friends . steven dismays at the idea and makes his own list . somehow someone , or something changes that list and five other people are invited to the party . eddie ( taye diggs ) an ex-baseball player , sarah ( ali carter ) an ex-assistant who can re-wire anything , melissa ( brigette wilson ) a talk-show host in sorts , dr . blackburn ( peter ghallager ) , and watson ( chris kattan ) a smart-mouthed humorist in ways . what he is gonna do is pay these five people 1 , 000 , 000 dollars if they can survive through the night . if they can they get the money , if not well they don't . the house on haunted hill used to be an insane asylum . years before mental patients broke out and killed the dr . there , forcing him to lock the place up because if he died , so did they . everyone who was in there burned to death . now it is steven price's home and he is throwing this party for these five people . what starts out as a seemingly normal night , turns into a horrifying , blood splattering night . the deep dark secrets of what really happened in that asylum and why those guests are actually there are revealed . one-by-one the people start to disappear . conspiracies start to turn up , and steven price finds out that his house may be alive after all . the people find rooms , which once held mental patients . rooms which once had people dying . rooms which may still contain these people . now these five people must try and survive the night and try and survive the house , and they must survive each other with terrorfying results . since i officially haven't seen the original i can't say which is better . i can say however i liked this movie . geoffrey rush gives a one in a million performance as the rich steven price , and does a great job doing a vincent price role . famke jansen as his wife was great and even kind of eerie at times . ali carter and taye diggs sort of become the main characters and ali carter who debuted in varsity blues gives a fantastic performance here as does taye diggs . chris kattan gives us great comic relief and the movie contains a lot of comical lines . peter ghallager and brigette wilson were great as well and gave commanding performances as potential victims . the plot was well conceived and was very absorbing . the movie has atmosphere the whole way through that is disturbing and creepy , and even sometimes downright scary . i found even the opening credits to me a little ominous . one thing i knew not to expect was a 'haunting' type movie with special effects galore . even though it had fantastic gore and special effects , the movie has only a 19 million dollar budget , which doesn's show all the way through but you can tell . the movie was written well , and it's only major flaw is the under-developed characters and plot holes that we are left with . the ending is quite clever and some may not even get it . i must say house on haunted hill was a surprise . i was expecting another haunting with special effects , no scares and a dumb ending . instead i found a good halloween movie with gore , scares and great acting . house on haunted hill is one of those movies you really can't take seriously . though it is a well-made movie with a good storyline it still has some flaws . but besides that the movie is fun , smart and scary and makes us wonder why remakes like this can't be made all the time ! reviewed by brandon herring october 28 , 1999 . brandon herring movie review heaven ( http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
 cast : matthew modine ( private joker ) , adam baldwin ( animal mother ) , vincent d'onofrio ( private leonard 'gomer pyle' ) , r . lee ermey ( sgt . hartman ) , dorian harewood ( eightball ) , arliss howard ( cowboy ) director : stanley kubrick certification : r ( usa ) for language and violence year of production : 1987 academy award nominations : best adapted screenplay ( kubrick , michael herr , and gustav hasford ) full metal jacket , very much like every other hard-hitting film about the vietnam war , is an shocking , emotional depiction of the war that effected almost everyone in america . this film is more like platoon than any other in the way that it chronicles the struggles of a young man ( private joker , played by matthew modine ) during his tour in the vietnam war . however , full metal jacket gives the audience an insight into combat life very rarely seen before : boot camp . these sequences are considered to be the best part in this three act film , even though i found the later portions to be equally stunning . as in platoon , full metal jacket gets off to a quick start . the opening sequence is the initiation for the recruits , which is getting their heads shaved . from there , they find themselves standing at attention and receiving their orders from the extremely hard and punishing sergeant hartman , played extremely well by the former drill instructor r . lee ermey . apparently , the solution was found for the perfect man to play a drill instructor in the movies , because ermey depicts his character extremely well and will make you thank whomever that you were never subjected to such horrible situations . private joker gets off on the wrong foot with the sergeant , as does the large bodied private leonard lawrence ( vincent d'onofrio ) , whom is dubbed 'gomer pyle' by sgt . hartman . the film is continually narrated by private joker , in which he explains his visions on what is going on . the entire corps , although repeatedly hammered by sgt . hartman , continues on . private pyle , however , seems to be the rag doll for the drill instructor . he continually absorbs the worst punishment and humiliation , and it basically does not stop . that is , until sgt . hartman comes up with a new plan . he will punish the rest of the soon-to-be-marines for pyle's goof-ups , even after joker was assigned to help him out in the best way he can . pyle then receives punishment from his fellow recruits , and things take a turn for the worst . pyle proves that not everyone is emotionally , physically , and mentally cut out for the life of a marine . after graduation , joker is sent over to the height of the action in order to document the war , which is his service . he is not a member of the infantry , and it is unclear if he will ever actually find himself in combat . when he sets out on a documenting mission , this question becomes very clear from the start . joker joins up with a platoon , along with his hometown friend cowboy ( arliss howard ) , and follows their everyday actions , interviewing and filmming them along the way . he also soon finds himself in a position in which he must fight , or die . again , as in the tradition of vietnam war films , full metal jacket can be debated as to whether it is an anti-war film or not . a few of the more powerful scenes toward the end will leave you to decide . full metal jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in vietnam , as have others in the past . this film , in different ways , also can be viewed as more powerful than others . that , again , is up for debate and depends on your opinion . one thing is for sure , however ; no one ever wants to experience the absolute hell that these soldiers are subjected to . unfortunately , many did .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
mighty joe young ( pg ) . ( walt disney pictures/rko/buena vista international ) director : ron underwood stars : bill paxton , charlize theron , rade serbedzija , peter firth , david paymer , regina king , naveen andrews , lawrence pressman , linda purl . the original mighty joe young , produced in 1949 , was politely regarded as something of a distant cousin to king kong . this entertaining and environmentally friendly $49 million disney remake softens the action to make the movie more palatable for family audiences , while retaining something of a deliberately old fashioned flavour . for those interested in useless trivia , the original mighty joe young is the only movie to have been directed by a legally blind person . director ernest b schoedsack lost his sight during w . w . ii , and could only see blurred movement . an assistant director told him what was happening on the set . taking advantage of more sophisticated technology , director ron underwood ( tremors , etc ) also improves upon the original , even though it ultimately ends up being something of a lukewarm cross between gorillas in the mist and king kong . oscar winning effects designer rick baker ( incidentally , the man inside the gorilla suit in john guillerman's 1976 remake of king kong ) has created a life-like and realistic gorilla who interacts beautifully with his human co-stars . joe , the 20 foot gorilla , is portrayed here as quite loveable , and ensures that audience sympathy is with him all the way . the climax , in which joe rescues a young boy trapped on a blazing ferris wheel , is awash in mawkish sentimentality , and threatens to unbalance the movie . jill young ( charlize theron , from the devil's advocate , etc ) has grown up as a wild child of the jungle . she and the gorilla joe share a life shaped by tragedy . twelve years earlier they both lost their mothers to the villainous poacher strasser ( rade serbedzija , from the saint , etc ) . ever since , jill has protected joe from the dangers represented by man , hiding him away from the rapidly encroaching modern world . one day he is discovered by gregg o'hara ( bill paxton , from titanic , etc ) , a scientist who traps animals for a nature conservatory in los angeles . o'hara eventually convinces jill that the safest place for joe is in the preserve , where he will be protected from poachers . joe initially reacts badly to being displaced from his jungle home , but soon settles down as jill watches over him . all goes well , and joe becomes the conservatory's biggest attraction . then strasser returns to resolve unfinished business . joe escapes strasser's clutches , and runs amok through the streets of la , climbing over familiar landmarks such as mann's chinese theatre and the hollywood sign . there is plenty of action as joe is pursued through the streets and sewers of la by helicopters . these sequences are more genuinely exciting that the recent godzilla , in which much of the action was murkily shot . the computer generated special effects are superb , although they do not detract from the more human elements of the story . younger audiences may find themselves a little bored with the developing romance between o'hara and jill , and the pace is a little slow until joe escapes into la . characterisation is pretty one dimensional , although the performances overcome many of the limitations of the formulaic and predictable script . an always likeable and solid actor , paxton brings plenty of charm and sincerity to his role here . special effects creator ray harryhausen , who designed the oscar winning stop motion effects for the original , and actress terry moore , who starred in the 1949 version , both contribute brief cameos here . this modern reworking of mighty joe young is quite an exciting and entertaining adventure , ideal family viewing for the holiday season . 
rated pg-13 starring glenn close , julianne moore , liv tyler , chris o'donnell , charles dutton , patricia neal , ned beatty , courtney b . vance , donald moffat , lyle lovett written by anne rapp directed by robert altman robert altman has earned his reputation as one of america's most distinguished filmmakers . he has made war films ( mash ) , historical dramas ( vincent & theo ) and legal thrillers ( the gingerbread man ) . but this time around , he has directed cookie's fortune , a hilarious and quirky dark comedy that opened 1999's sundance film festival . first time writer anne rapp wrote this kinda-sorta murder mystery that slightly echoes the coen brothers' fargo and david dobkin's clay pigeons . what is kind of ironic about cookie's fortune is that 15 minutes into the movie , we know who commited the murder and how , and during the course of the film we are watching the citizens of a small town called holly springs try to figure out what it going on . willis richland ( charles dutton ) has noticed that cookie ( patricia neal ) , an old lady whom he cares for , has started acting a trifle odd . one day , when he goes out to run a few errands , cookie commits suicide to finally reunite with her dead husband . unfortunately , the first to arrive at her home is camille ( glenn close ) , a quirky relative who has come to fetch a salad bowl . she notices that cookie isn't answering her , so she goes upstairs to find cookie dead , the gun in her hand . camille's dimwitted sister , cora , wanders inside and also sees what has happened . " cookie did not commit suicide , " camille assures her . " only crazy folks commit suicide . " camille , for reasons unknown to anyone except for her , wants to prove that her family isn't crazy , so she tries to pass off cookie's suicide as a murder . she goes through all the steps trying to make it seem like a murder , and then calls the cops . meanwhile , cora's delinquent daughter , emma ( liv tyler ) , is back in town . when the police suspect willis of commiting the crime , and lock him up , she decides to become her cellmate . infact , the jail cell is basically an open room where the cops come in and play scrabble and talk about fishing with the criminals . one of the cops is jason , a very dumb young man who is in love with emma . jason is excited to be coping with the town's first real crime , and camille is trying to cover it up right in front of him . cookie's fortune isn't one of altman's more important films , but it is still a cut above most dark comedies . unlike many directors , altman isn't trying to show off any derivative new style . he just wants the viewer to see the characters in their real life form , which makes the film all the more convincing . i'm surprised to see that the film recieved somewhat lukewarm reception at sundance . perhaps the viewers were hoping for something different . but i , for one , loved this entertaining gem . infact i may have even enjoyed it better than altman's last outing , the john grisham's scripted the gingerbread man , which was also a very good picture . cookie's fortune is a breath of fresh air from other derivative movies made by twentysomething film students . it shows patient , developed filmmaking from a truly knowledgable filmmaker . cookie's fortune is one of the new year's smartest comedies . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
writer/director : woody allen starring : kenneth branagh , judy davis , joe mantegna , charlize theron , leonardo dicaprio , famke janssen , winona ryder , melanie griffith , bebe neuwirth , michael lerner , hank azaria , gretchen mol , dylan baker , jeffrey wright , greg mottola , andre gregory , saffron burrows , alfred molina , vanessa redgrave , joey buttafuoco , mary jo buttafuoco , donald trump after hearing reviews for woody allen's upteenth movie in history , " celebrity , " range from terribly boring to just so-so , my heart lept when the opening images of the film closely resembled that of " manhattan , " my personal favorite from my personal favorite director of all time . woody allen's films almost never rely on visual flair over textual flair , so when one of his films closely resembles the one time that these two entities fit hand-in-hand ( " manhattan " really is one of the best-looking films i've ever seen , beautiful black and white photography of the city's best areas , etc . ) , a fan can't help but feel visibly moved . the film opens up , with the usual credits with plain white font over black backgrounds , and an old ironic standard playing on the soundtrack , but then the screen fills with a gorgeous dull gray sky , with the word " help " being spelled with an airplane . beethoven's 5th blasts on the soundtrack . the city seems to stop to take notice of this moment , and it's all rather lovely to look at . and then we cut to a film crew , shooting this as the film's hilariously banal key moment in the film , where the lead actress in the film ( melanie griffith , looking as buxom and beautiful as ever ) has to realize something's wrong with her life or whatever . it's a terribly stale scene for a woody allen film , with the great opening shots or without , and my heart sank and i soon got used to the fact that once again , a new film of his was not going to be as great as his past works ( though , for the record , last year's " deconstructing harry " came awfully close ) . what the hell has happened to him ? the man who once could be relied on for neurotic freshness in cinema has not become less funny , but his films have become less insightful and more like he tossed them together out of unfinished ideas . " bullets over broadway , " though wonderful , relies on irony to pull a farce that just never totally takes off . " mighty aphrodite " is more full of great moments and lines than a really great story . " everyone says i love you " was more of a great idea than a great film . even " deconstructing harry " is admittingly cheap in a way , even if it does top as one of his most truly hilarious films . if anything , the reception of " celebrity " by everyone should tip allen off to the fact that this time , it's not the audience and critics who are wrong about how wonderful his film is : it's him . " celebrity " is , yes , a good film , but it's only marginally satisfying as a woody allen film . instead of creating the great woody allen world , he's created a world out of a subject he knows only a bit about . and he's fashioned a film that is based almost entirely on his uninformed philosophy of celebrities , so that it plays like a series of skits with minor connections . it's like " la dolce vita " without the accuracy , the right amount of wit , and the correct personal crisis . woody , becoming more insecure in his old age , choses to drop the woody allen character in on the world of celebrities , and then hang him and all his flaws up for scrutiny , and does this by casting not himself but brit actor kenneth branagh in the lead . much has been said about his performance - dead on but irritating , makes one yearn for the real thing , blah blah blah - but to anyone who actually knows the woody allen character knows that branagh's performance , though featuring some of the same mannerisms ( stuttering , whining , lots o' hand gestures ) , is hardly a warts-and-all impersonation . branagh brings along with him little of the woody allen charm , which actually allows for his character's flaws to be more apparent . woody's a flawed guy , and we know it , but we love him anyway , because he's really funny and really witty and really intelligent . branagh's allen is a bit more flat-out bad , but with the same charm so that , yes , we like him , but we're still not sure if he's really a good person or not . his character , lee simon , is first seen on the set of the aforementioned movie , hits on extra actress winona ryder , then goes off to interview griffith , who takes him to her childhood home where he makes a pass at her , and she denies him . . . sorta . we then learn , through flashbacks , that lee has been sucked into trying to be a celebrity thanks to a mid-life crisis and an appearance at his high school reunion . he has since quit his job as a travel journalist and become a gossip journalist of sorts , covering movie sets and places where celebrities congregate , so that he can meet them , and maybe sell his script ( a bank robbery movie " but with a deep personal crisis " ) . as such , he has divorced his wife of several years ( allen regular judy davis ) , and continues on a quest for sexual happiness , boucing from girlfriend to girlfriend and fling to fling over the course of the film . after griffith comes his escapades with a model ( charlize theron ) who is " polymorphously perverse " ( glad to see allen is using new jokes , ha ha ) , who takes him for a wild ride not different from that of the anita ekberg segment of " la dolce vita . " following are his safe relationship with smart working woman famke janssen , a relationship that almost assures him success , and his continued escapades with ryder , whom he fancies most of all . his story is juxtaposed with that of davis , who flips out , but stumbles onto happiness when she runs into a handsome , friendly tv exec ( joe mantegna ) who lands her a job that furthers her career to national status . while lee is fumbling about , selfishly trying to ensure his own happiness , davis becomes happy ( " i've become the kind of woman i've always hated . . . and i'm loving it . " ) without doing a thing . the result is a film of highs and mediums . the mediums are what take up most of the film , with sitations and scenes which don't exactly work but you can't help but pat allen on the back for trying . but other places are really great scenes . the opening . the sequence with theron , which is so good that i wished it hadn't ended . a banana scene with bebe neuwirth ( droll as ever ) . and , perhaps the best sequence : a romp with hot-as-hell teen idol , brandon darrow , played by none other than leo dicaprio , who is so un-dicaprio-esque that if any of this fans could sit through this film , they'd never look at him the same way . he ignites the screen with intensity , and spares nothing in showing his character as narcissistically tyrannical , and totally heartbreaking for lee , who comes to him to talk about his script that he has read , and finds himself on a wild all-day ride with him . they go to atlantic city to watch a fight , they gamble , and they wind up in his hotel room , where darrow gets it on with his flame ( gretchen mol ) and he lends him one of the leftover groupies . allen's writing in these scenes are so good that just for them , i'd almost recommend the film . almost . but what i really liked about this film is despite the fact that it's a mess , despite the fact that what this film really needs is a good old fashioned rewrite by allen himself , it's still a smart and insightful film . though some of the jokes are either stale or misplaced ( some seem too cartoonish , even for this environment ) , allen still manages to get across that this film is not exactly about celebrities , as it may seem to be ( if it were , it'd be extremely out-of-touch ) , but about those who want to be celebrities , and how they equate celebrity-hood with happiness . we never get close enough to the actual celebrities to see if they're really happy ( they may appear to be on the surface . . . ) , but we do get close enough to lee and davis' character . lee is obsessed with the phenomenon , while davis takes is at arm's length , and never gets too involved in what it is , and soon becomes one herself . besides , it's witty , and it does have the one thing that no other film has but allen's : that great woody allen feel . it may be not exactly fresh and lively or totally brilliant in its depiction of its subject , and yes , as a part of woody allen's oeuvre , it's merely a blip ( no " annie hall " but it's no " shadows and fog " either ) , but it goes to prove that no one can make a film like him , and only he and maybe godard could possibly take a totally horrible metaphor , like the one in the beginning , and make it work not once but twice . 
for more reviews and movie screensavers , visit http : //www . joblo . com/plot : a group of asbestos cleaners get a job removing the gunk from an old insane asylum . as each day passes , the crew members begin to discover things about the place and themselves which set other things in motion . saying anything else about the plot would be a crime . have fun . . . critique : " i feel like shooting myself in the head " are the first words that came out of my mouth after seeing this movie , a good indication as to what kind of film to expect here . this ain't your average " happy go lucky " kind of picture . this is a deliberately slow-paced mystery-horror film drenched in atmosphere , with a very creepy insane asylum ( in which most of the film takes place ) , very few clues up-front and lots to talk about afterwards . will it bore some people to sleep ? you bet it will ! is it made for the scream audiences of the day ? absolutely not ! i guess you can describe this film as a horror movie for the " cerebral crowd " . a film that patiently unwraps itself frame after frame , giving away very little with each step and each sound , unwinding itself until its final scenes offer up a world of revelations and plenty more to discuss later . i've always loved movies that have me talking about them afterwards like the shining and lost highway and this film fits right into that group . in fact , i guess i can pussyfoot around the actual word all i want but the best way to describe this kind of movie is a " mindfuck " . if you feel like watching a movie that moves very slowly , gives you a handful of characters with divergent backgrounds , tosses a few very ambiguous and supernatural cookies your way and is extremely disturbing once you put it all together , well , then this movie is definitely for you ! it's the kind of film that you actually have to see twice to fully appreciate ( damn , i missed that whole " peanut butter " thing ! ) and one that will likely creep the shit out of you if watched alone in the dark . " brrrrrrrrr . . . now what was that sound in the basement ? honey , can you go check ? " and one thing this film doesn't have , unlike its hollywood-ian counterparts like the haunting , is special effects . in fact , that's one of the greater things about this movie : it feels real because it looks like it's actually taped on video with very credible actors in very credible circumstances ( i did some research and it was , in fact , shot on digital video . . . ah-ha ! ) . another great thing about it is that it's actually very gory and somewhat violent in theme , and yet we rarely see anything of the sort on the big screen ( it's mostly implied , kids ! ) . and as clichéd as it might be to say . . . it's usually much scarier when stuff is left to our imagination or implied in movies as such . other films that this one reminded me of include henry : portrait of a serial killer and the blair witch project , with that same real sense of dread , brooding and terror . the film does however move awfully slow and if you really don't get " into " it completely ( you really need to concentrate here ) , you will lose the motion of the story and the pent-up tension might be released . but overall , this film is yet another great example of the horror genre making a very cool comeback this year with no tight tanktops in sight . and with david caruso acting like the king hotshot like only he can , how can you go wrong ? definitely not a film for everyone but a must-see for anyone looking to throw themselves into the psyche of the disturbed ( count me in ! ) . stanley kubrick would be proud ! oh yeah . . . so where's that gun again . . . ? where's joblo coming from ? the blair witch project ( 4/10 ) - blair witch 2 ( 7/10 ) - the haunting ( 3/10 ) - the house on haunted hill ( 7/10 ) - lost highway ( 10/10 ) - the pledge ( 6/10 ) - the shining ( 9/10 ) - the sixth sense ( 8/10 ) - unbreakable ( 8/10 ) 
director :   michael bay cast :   bruce willis , billy bob thornton , liv tyler , ben affleck , will patton , peter stormare , keith david , steve buscemi , owen wilson , william fichtner screenplay ( story , etc . ) :   jonathan hensleigh , robert roy pool , tony gilroy , shane salerno , j . j . abrams , paul attanasio , ann biderman , scott rosenberg , robert towne producers :   jerry bruckheimer , gale anne hurd , michael bay runtime :   150 min . us distribution :   touchstone rated pg-13 :   disaster violence , language by nathaniel r . atcheson ( nate@pyramid . net ) cinema has been around for about a hundred years now .   it's not my job to recap this century every time i talk about a new film , but i'd like to think that i'm beginning to understand the art more as i watch more films from before my time . recently , i've seen the films of hitchcock , capra , fellini , godard , kurosawa , chaplin , lang , and many others .   those men were talented artists , and their films reflect their genius .   they are likely to be remembered for . . . well , quite a while .   i like this film , too .   yes , it's a disaster-slash-action movie .   true , its budget is a lot more money than i'll ever see in my lifetime .   and there's not a doubt in my mind that the only reason it was conceived was to make a lot of money .   in fact , i bet the producers of armageddon would have worked towards a lousy film , had they thought it would've been more profitable . i certainly don't care what their intentions were , because michael bay ( the rock ) is such a skilled director that i doubt he'd ever make a film that is difficult to sit through . of course , skillful direction doesn't complete the package , but the rest of armageddon manages to keep everything together . the story is well-thought out ( and perfectly paced to provide for an abundance of action sequences that never feel out of place ) , the acting is terrific , the script is sharp , and -- get this -- there are characters . yes , you read that right . armageddon actually has characters you can care about ! if you don't like this film , then you have a problem with the genre itself : armageddon is as good as a film like this can be . if you've seen deep impact , then you know the basic framework for the story . it turns out that an asteroid the size of texas is going to strike the earth eighteen days from the start of the film . so , it's up to the u . s . government to stop it . ( why the u . s . is always exclusively saddled with these problems is never fully investigated . ) their plan -- to send a group of experienced oil drillers up to the asteroid , drill down several hundred feet , and detonate a nuclear warhead within . the head driller is harry stamper ( bruce willis ) . his group of men is a colorful bunch , including a . j . ( ben affleck ) , chick ( will patton ) , and rockhound ( steve buscemi ) . there's also an interesting triangle formed between a . j . , harry , and grace ( liv tyler ) , who is harry's daughter . a . j . and grace are , of course , romantically intertwined , and dad isn't too happy with the situation . it's absurd to wish for a complicated story in an event movie or a special effects movie or whatever it is you'd like to call armageddon . it's not about story -- it's about viscera and action , and thrills-a-minute , and all that stuff . it's incidental , really , that the story is cohesive and even remotely believable , because most people will be too wrapped up in the explosions to give two seconds' thought to what actually happens . but bay is the one to congratulate in this case , for he has made a film so entertaining and so visually sharp that i doubt any director could have done it better . i think most of the budget went to cameras alone , because bay films every action sequence from about thirty or forty different angles . take the spectacular opening scene , for instance , in which a meteor shower obliterates new york . a meteor flies out of the sky and crashes into a building , which sends fireballs erupting into the air and cars spinning like tops upon other cars . the action itself might take five seconds in real life , but bay edits so quickly that we get the same scene in six different ways . i like his quick-edit style , because it's abrasive and exhausting to watch . it's also very loud , and obnoxiously noisy at times . but it's fun to be obnoxious sometimes . the special effects in this film put every other 1998 blockbuster to shame . deep impact , visually , has absolutely nothing on armageddon , and to offer a comparison between the quality of this film and godzilla is simply laughable . special effects are very important in a film like this : if they're not good , then the image is not convincing , and the film doesn't work . everything here looks bright and explosive -- from the little meteors bursting through skyscrapers , all the way to the shots of the earth through the jutting rocks on the ominously approaching asteroid . the effects that don't look totally real are still a pleasure to behold , and i credit everyone involved for creating the first blockbuster so nice-looking that it actually qualifies as art . of course , all of this would add up to little more than an above-average light show , if i didn't get the feeling that bay cares as much about his characters as he does about his action . the film is two and a half hours long , and not all of that is spent submerged in numbing action . much of the film is dedicated to developing the various characters' subplots . i won't suggest that these are complex characters , but their problems are real , and the emotions aren't put forth in a sentimental and overbearing way . in fact , there are three or four scenes here that had me pretty choked up , and that's a lot more than i can say about deep impact , which was banking on the feel-good parts of its story . bruce willis is terrific , and i'm glad to see him bigger than life again ( recent turns in films like mercury rising have been very disappointing ) . tyler and affleck are great together , and make a convincing couple -- all of the scenes between them work on a comfortable level . patton , who is a magnificent actor , thankfully is not wasted here , and the minor subplot revolving around his ex-wife and son is very moving . the comic relief from buscemi and peter stormare ( who plays a crazy russian astronaut ) is nifty , and keeps the film lively and funny . i wasn't challenged to think real hard while watching armageddon , and i don't mind too much . but the film doesn't insult my intelligence -- it's pitched perfectly to entertain , which is what all it really wants to do . it's not mindless and escapist , but well-crafted cinema . it might have been created for the wrong reasons , but men like michael bay have my respect for showing me that they are interested in making something good , in spite of the producers and the budget . i'm not saying that films like this are risky moves . what i am saying is that armageddon is a big , loud , expensive motion picture that reminds me that art often comes in the strangest of forms . 
palmetto reviewed by jamie peckrating :  columbia / 1 : 50 / 1998 / r ( language , violence , sensuality ) cast : woody harrelson ; elisabeth shue ; gina gershon ; chloe sevigny ; tom wright ; michael rapaport director : volker schlondorff screenplay : e . max frye the characters in " palmetto " collectively sweat enough to fill lake erie , and it's just the right way to capture the film's ripe atmosphere of sensuality , tension and even farce . this humid florida-set thriller nurtures a modestly absurd edginess that often winks at itself , which is very much a good thing since the actors and director are in on the joke . as far as set-up is concerned , the movie is nothing we haven't seen before , but be patient -- " palmetto " spins some pretty wicked story twists that we really don't see coming . it's not a classic by any means , but it sure is quite an engaging surprise . harry barber ( woody harrelson ) is fresh out of prison , where he's served a couple of years for a crime he didn't commit . even though he harbors animosity towards the obtuse local officials , harry's first order of business is to return to his home town of palmetto to be with his sculptor girlfriend nina ( gina gershon ) . while searching for work , he catches the eye of rhea malroux ( elisabeth shue ) , the mysterious sexbomb wife of a palmetto millionaire . rhea proposes a scheme that'll get harry $50 , 000 easy -- to play a small part in the staged kidnaping of her jailbait stepdaughter odette ( chloe sevigny ) . " you do like risks , don't you , mr . barber ? " rhea alluringly coos . boys , form a line behind me . part of " palmetto " 's success can be attributed to the performance of elisabeth shue , who demonstrates here that her oscar-nominated turn in " leaving las vegas " might merely be foreshadowing great things to come . shue's a seductive , campy delight , and pulls off a barbara stanwyck-gloria swanson combo with admirable relish . the other actors form a solid ensemble around her , including sevigny ( " kids " ) , tantalizingly slutty as a teen tease , as well as the ever-likeable gershon , cast a far cry from her extreme roles in " bound " and " showgirls . " harrelson is still doing fine follow-up work to " the people vs . larry flynt . " " palmetto " does have its share of grievances . harrelson's narration is needless , i suppose , and gershon's nina cries to be meatier than she ultimately is . one of the plot's unexpected angles -- that harry is asked by the police to become the press liaison for the very crime in which he's involved -- could have been played a little better . there are moments when you question the tone , but it's never so unstable that it deserves the reproach it's been receiving from most other critics . if " palmetto " didn't want to be laughed at , would it really have tacked on a climax that plays like a live-action " who framed roger rabbit " ? although a few elements can be questioned , the movie works well on its own terms . thanks to a juicy cast -- especially shue -- and the nifty material approach from director volker schlondorff ( you remember him from last summer's suddenly re-popular " the tin drum , " right ? ) , everything runs smoothly . and for fans of revelation-heavy endings , this film's got a few shocks in store that i won't even dream of revealing . " palmetto " is a generous amount of fun to watch , and that's all you need to know . © 1997 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " suggestions , please , for the fourth movie in the series . how about ‘look who's talking back , ' in which the audience gets its turn ? " -- roger ebert on " look who's talking now " 
it is with hesitance that i call " apocalypse now " a masterpiece . certainly , it had the pedigree to be one of the greatest films ever made , with a director known for producing masterpieces with ease , and some of the finest actors of the 1970's . the plot , an adaptation of joseph conrad's " heart of darkness " , was set in vietnam , and the timing of the film was supposed to be brilliant , coming on the heels of the end of the war . " apocalypse " certainly has its moments , some of which are the finest in film history . the plot is fairly simple . captain willard ( sheen ) , is a troubled soldier who came back to hanoi for a 2nd tour of duty . his mission is simple : take a boat up to cambodian territory , and destroy the command of renegade colonel kurtz ( brando ) " with extreme prejudice " . along the way , willard runs into a series of adventures , including one with lt . col . kilgore ( duvall ) , and a strange encounter with playboy bunnies . willard' s four person crew finally make it to kurtz' compound , where he discovers kurtz has set himself up as a god among the natives . willard's experiences with kurtz take up the last half-hour , with a confrontation and eventual ending . the movie is visually breathtaking . the battle scenes are exquisitely done , and the score is brilliant , setting a murky mood of darkness that is first-rate . the collage of disturbing images that coppola presents is at times both astonishing and sickening . the vast amount of detail poured into every war scene is stunning , and there are many episodes that are deeply powerful which resonate through the entire movie . the journey to kurtz' camp is quite a ride , with psychosis setting in on almost every character . the most interesting one is kilgore , the lt . col . who cares more about the surf than about the mission . it is at times revolting , psychotic , and incredible , and it is one hell of a movie . the scenes are bold , inventive , and powerful , and the acting is stunning , especially be sheen , duvall , and fishburne . the narration is exquisite , as is the mystery of kurtz . coppola sets about a hallucinatory ride through vietnam , kind of like " saving private ryan " on lsd . the film is jarring in its implications , and psychotic in its execution . the problems come when the film slows down . one of the major scenes in the film , where the boat arrives at the final army checkpoint before they start their search for kurtz , is a colossal mess . the dialogue is confusing , the lighting is atrocious , and the scene drags on for 10 terrible minutes of film . the true problems happen after the crew does come into the kurtz compound . the film slows down to a drag . sheen seems forever captured by a madman , played by brando is a lazy performance that is not deserving of the accolades it received . brando is in the film for no more than 15 minutes , but is bathed in shadows the entire time , making the last half hour of the film visually pathetic . the scenes are poorly done , the dialogue is muffled , and the whole mess is utterly confusing beyond all belief . sheen seems to adore this man , but why the viewers are never told . the entire journey is supposed to be a prelude for a stunning entrance of this god-like kurtz , but the scenes fall way short of expectations . granted , it has its moments , which are brutally horrific , but the general feeling is one of confusion . brando mumbles his lines in a incoherent stir , and my feeling was that this could never be a great man , this could never be a man who inspires hundreds to follow him , so why do they do it ? there are moments of brilliance , but the visual confusion dilutes the power of the scene . there are too many questions left unanswered with the character of kurtz to have a satisfying ending . the finest scene at the end is sheen's escape , and his entrace into the temple . his rise out of the water , with the smoke coming off of his slicked head , is a brilliant 30 seconds of film . yet , you cannot shake the feeling that there is so much more this film could have done . the psychotic ride is unforgettable at times , and indeed the film on the whole is very good . it is a stunningly flawed expression of film , for it addresses major issues , such as man's mental stamina during bouts of war . but one still cannot shake the feeling that this film could have so much more powerful , had the character of kurtz been more explored , and had sheen truly succumbed to the fate that the viewer thought he was destined for . there is too much good material in here not to be called a masterpiece , but it could have been so much more rewarding . 
one fun activity for parents during the holidays is to suggest an old film and see if they can interest their kids . although black-and-white films are frequently viewed as suspect , ones in color are greeted with more of an open mind . and if you can find a colorful action film , even if it is from six decades ago , then there is a real possibility of a take home hit . so it was in our family when we wandered over to the classic section of our local video store the other day and picked up a copy of the adventures of robin hood , a high spirited version of the walter scott story . nominated for the 1938 academy award for best picture and winner of three oscars for erich wolfgang korngold's melodramatic music , ralph dawson's fast paced editing and carl jules weyl's lush sets , the film is probably best remembered for errol flynn's charismatic acting as sir robin of locksley , a . k . a . robin hood . flynn , with his handsome figure and toothy smile , charms the audience while clearly having a high old time himself . let me cut to the chase and say that the tape was indeed popular in the rhodes household . the littlest rhodes , jeffrey , age 8 , liked it so much that he viewed it at least three times and maybe more . i'll let him discuss his fascination with the picture in his usual section at the end of the review . simply stated , the film derives its success from being one of the best of its genre , the swashbuckler . robin , with a smile from ear-to-ear , fights off a hundred men without a scratch . although the picture can be considered as little more than a 1930's james bond , the production values and the acting raise it above that level . robin hood is a classic story of rich and poor . robin steals from the rich and gives to the poor as every schoolchild knows . in this movie , however , he seems much less interested in income redistribution than in fighting for his king and country . robin , with his courage and athletic skills , serves as a role model for kids . and with the lovely olivia de havilland playing the dreamy-eyed lady marian fitzswalter , the story has heavy romantic overtones . filmed in the typical , richly oversaturated colors produced by early technicolor , the flesh tones are overly pink and there few color subtleties , which match perfectly the wonderfully exaggerated acting of the players . in scene after scene the picture charms the audience . who wouldn't fall for robin as he shows up incognito to win the archery contest , even if the outcome is so clearly preordained . and , of course , he doesn't just win , he does so by splitting the other man's arrow . watching the picture today does provide some jarring moments . sherlock holmes as the villain , sir guy of gisbourne , for example , just doesn't seem right , even if basil rathbone did have a real-life identity outside of his most famous role . and then there are those wigs from the makeup department -- so bad , they look like rejects from a mel brooks comedy . as was popular in the cinema of that era , people die with the most gentle prick of the sword and without any nasty , bloody holes to spoil the wardrobe or the looks . bad guys are banished rather than killed , and lovers go off hand-in-hand , doing nothing more explicitly sexual than kissing . the result is a wonderful fairy tale of a movie with delightful , cartoonish figures . hollywood rarely makes such high quality family films like this anymore , so try to savor the old ones when you can . the adventures of robin hood runs 1 : 42 . it is not rated , but containing absolutely nothing offensive , it would get a g rating and is fine for all ages . jeffrey thinks the film is " great " and gives it . he recommends the movie particularly for people who do not likely bloody pictures -- he hates the sight of blood in movies . his favorite parts are the battles and the ending , and his favorite characters are robin and king richard ( ian hunter ) . 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : odeon ( liverpool city centre ) released in the uk by warner bros . on march 31 , 2000 ; certificate 15 ; 170 minutes ; country of origin usa ; aspect ratio 2 . 35 : 1 directed by oliver stone ; produced by lauren shuler donner , dan halsted , clayton townsend . written by john logan , daniel pyne , oliver stone . photographed by salvatore totino ; edited by stuart levy , thomas j . nordberg , keith salmon , stuart waks . " any given sunday " is a dramatic immersion in the world of american football , looking further than commentators and managers , and jumping right in there with the guys in the huddle . the film gives us its view on the current state of the game , with character studies of both players and executives , but also reminds us of the intense physical experience of playing . for true sportsmen , that's the real thrill ; for a lot of people in this movie , it's just something that they must go through in order to get big pay cheques . at the heart of the movie's narrative are scenes showing pitch action from a first-hand point of view . if sometimes they seem irrelevant or confusing -- well , that's the point ; players often look at their games in the same light . some reviews have accused the moments of being unnecessary stylistic excess , but that's just because many journalists feel obliged to make unfounded attacks on the director , oliver stone , a man who does not avoid using bold techniques to tell his stories . this time he follows a season in the life of the miami sharks , an american football team coached by tony d'amato ( al pacino ) . tony has lost a few games in a row , and his old-school patience for things to get better is not shared by today's press , who savage him whenever he puts a foot wrong . the new owner of the sharks , christine pagniacci ( cameron diaz ) , is just as hasty , and demands an immediate solution to her squad's poor performance . a young hotshot quarterback called willie beamen ( jamie foxx ) could be the answer , because he has made some great plays in a few successive games , and looks slick on magazine covers . tony is cautious , though ; he senses that beamen's ego could be dangerous , and the lad would not be a wise replacement for 39-year old star performer jack " cap " rooney ( dennis quaid ) . egos are a big influence on all this , because professional sport is a business built around the talents of temperamental athletes . disagreements over management strategy also play a big part , because it's a business full stop . and it's an atmosphere where ethical standards are hard to keep up -- one of the doctors in " any given sunday " feels it's his duty to allow players to go on the field when injured , even at risk of death , because " for these guys football is life ! " we're so used to thinking of everything as corrupt in this day and age that none of the above is particularly surprising . it's impressive , though , that stone has managed to cover so many areas and get such a convincing overview of a sport . my only complaint is that the structure could have been tightened into something more urgent . stone's best films -- " platoon " , " talk radio " , " born on the fourth of july " , " jfk " -- sweep us off our feet with angry gusto and big emotional payoffs . " any given sunday " is content to document , observe and convey . while it does all these things well , a little more passion would not have gone amiss . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantgani http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
warning ! : may contain some mild spoilers and offensive material . rated : r ( ! ) for sexual content , crude and sexual humor , and some nudity . . ( a mild r rating ) starring : rob schneider , oded fehr , eddie griffin , arija bareikis , amy poehler , norm mcdonald . " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is simply a hilarious good-natured comedy that may offend some , but underneath all it's crude humor and sexual content is a sweet little love story that is surprisingly involving . it isn't any kind of cinematic classic , but it's a very very funny comedy that keeps us entertained until the end credits which themselves are funny too . it has all it needs to be a breezy entertaining comedy : the acting is up to pace and some of the performances quite funny , the screenplay is witty and smart , and the whole story is sweet and cute . deuce bigalow ( rob schneider ) is your typically average guy : he cleans fish tanks for a living and gets an average of 10 bucks for it . though one might call him a loser , deuce gets a job he would never thought he would get . he gets to clean the tank for a male gigolo ( oded fehr ) and gets offered to watch over his place while he goes on a trip . trying to be like him he hangs upside down from a pole and accidentally pushes off the fishtank and burns his cabinets . the thing is now he has to try and find $6 , 000 dollars in three weeks to make sure everything looks right again . so he decides to go " man-whoring " and to his luck gets the oddest people on earth : an over-weight woman who decidedly wants to eat everything in site , a woman with narcolepsy who sleeps all the time , a woman who has sudden screaming outbursts , and a woman he can't stop thinking about . he charges $10 but he is willing to negotiate . from now on he is considered deuce bigalow : male gigolo . with non-stop laughs an a abundence of crude humor " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is sometimes like last years hit " there's something about mary " that is offensive but very funny . the screenplay by harris goldberg and rob schneider himself is a smart , clever and witty screenplay that seems to have been written with care to make is so hilariously funny . the characters in the film are all actually likable especially " jabba lady " with her big body but soft heart . there are actually times in the movie where i fell out of my chair laughing so hard that my stomach was killing me . even though i thought " toy story 2 " and " being john malkovich " were the funniest of the year " deuce bigalow " follows right behind them . the directing by mike mitchell is fantastic and shows he took time on the film . rob schneider gives a surprisingly endearing performance and when his romance develops with one of his customers kate ( arija bareikis ) it is a sweet romance that we get involved in and actually like being involved in it . " deuce bigalow " is a good-natured film worth all the merit it can get . its not a classic or a masterpiece , it's just a comedy that we don't feel bad about watching . sure it may come off as offensive and may come off as dumb sometimes , but you cannot deny that it isn't funny . " deuce bigalow : male gigolo " is no disappointment . its a fast paced , entertaining sweet and hilarious comedy that may be destined to become a cult classic . fans of schneider will not be disappointed and fans of crude but nice comedies will not either . for some reason the film garnered an r rating but with no " f words " or extensive use of sexual content or explicit nudity i was really wondering why the film was r . a mild r to put it to the least , but even if your under 17 or above at least 13 this film is good enough for you to see . don't try to be one of those people who make so much of a film that they do not like it , just sit back , laugh and enjoy the movie . reviewed by brandon herring december 9 , 1999brandon herring http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
craig ( cusack ) is an unemployed puppeteer married to animal loving lotte ( diaz ) . their house is a menagerie . craig is a good puppeteer , but his choice of material is bizarre and gets him beat up . he finally caves in and looks for a job , following up on a peculiar ad for fast fingered , small statured people . he reports to the 7 1/2 floor of an office building ( the explanation how it got to have 7 1/2 floors is one of the film's funnier moments ) and , after a bizarre conversation with a receptionist ( place ) who can hear nothing correctly , gets the job . in a few days , he makes two discoveries : maxine ( keener ) with whom he falls desperately in love with and a door in his office which is a portal into john malkovich's brain . things get increasingly complicated as maxine wants to cash in on the portal , lotte meets and also falls in love with maxine , and malkovich catches on to what is happening . and then there's lester ( bean ) , the mysterious businessman who hired craig and may know more about all of this than anyone suspects . the first half hour or so of this film is full of sly wit . not laugh out loud sight gags , but really funny moments that you have to pay attention to enjoy fully . they range from craig's bizarre puppetry , to the story behind the animals in lotte's menagerie , to the story of the 7 1/2 floor , and finally to maxine's very funny first date with craig . but the final hour and a half is quite a disappointment . oddly , the film slows down when we get into malkovich's head . it stops being a wacky comedy , and that's certainly what this film should be , and tries to be a philosophical film with moments of humour . even that might have worked had the movie hit the right philosophical note . but it errs there . craig briefly discusses the significance of having access to another person's brain and the responsibility of having such access . maxine ponders the issue of being loved by two people and yet attracted to neither alone and one only when within malkovich . issues of gender identity are briefly touched upon . but the most interesting issue that could have been raised , the issue of whether it is right to sacrifice one person to save many others , is never even mentioned . i know many critics have praised this as one of the best movies of 1999 . but i cannot understand why . this is a moderately funny film that never gets as surreal as its topic would allow it to . it's a film with a strong point to make which it never makes . it's a film with good actors giving good performances for a failed cause . it's worth watching , but not worth all the hype . 
john carpenter's vampires ( 1998 ) a film review by justin felix . copyright 1998 justin felix . all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix this review also appears in the shrubbery -- http : //www . theshrubbery . prohosting . com/1298/movie3 . html screenplay by don jakoby . based on the novel vampire$ by john steakley . directed by john carpenter . starring james woods , daniel baldwin , sheryl lee , thomas ian griffith , maximilian schell . rated r ( contains violence , nudity , and profanity ) 107 mins . synopsis : swearing , cigar-smoking professional vampire slayer jack crow leads his buddy tony , a prostitute , and a catholic priest into battle against valek , the world's first vampire , who is searching for the means to be able to live in sunlight . comments : as i write this , halloween 1998 is a three-week old memory , and thanksgiving is quickly approaching . hollywood released a slew of horror and horror-related movies right before and closely after halloween , and these movies are now slowly making their way through second-run , cheap theaters . the season brought us the campy bride of chucky , the screamish urban legend , and the more serious apt pupil , based on a short story by stephen king . a latecomer , the sequel i still know what you did last summer , came out on november , friday the 13th ( aren't they just so clever marketing a slasher movie on friday the 13th ? ) . having seen all these films except the last ( which has been slammed by most critics ) , i can safely say that john carpenter's vampires , released the day before halloween , was the best horror film created for the holiday . this does not necessarily mean it was a great film--the aforementioned flicks were mediocre at best--but it is entertaining , especially for horror , action , and " b-movie " fans . john carpenter has done a number of film classics in his long and varied career ( however , he's also produced some turkeys ) . his chief accomplishment , so far at least , is the little 1978 film halloween , a film which became a huge hit and launched the teen slasher genre , including the friday the 13th and nightmare on elm street cycles . he's also done a number of solid horror and sci-fi movies : the fog , they live , starman , and a remake of the 50s classic the thing . carpenter , unfortunately , seemed to be losing his touch recently . he directed kurt russell through the bad escape from la and christopher reeves through the even worse village of the damned ( a lousy remake ) . carpenter somewhat needed a film to resolidify his standing as a premiere talent . john carpenter's vampires , at least , is a step in the right direction . vampires , throughout film history , seem to be very popular with movie audiences . from bela lugosi's classic turn as dracula in the successful universal classic to christopher lee in england's hammer cycle to recent big budget epics like bram stoker's dracula and interview with the vampire , these creatures of the night continue to rake in profits . subtle changes in the vampire myths as they get translated through the decades may allow for enough variety to keep people interested . this year , for example , wesley snipes played blade , a vampire slayer from marvel comics , combining the vampire with the comic book hero . john carpenter's vampires , similarly , combines vampires with another genre , the western ( interestingly , the western had just been combined with another genre , science fiction , in soldier ) . the results end up as an interesting mixed bag . john carpenter's vampires begins promisingly . within a beautiful new mexico landscape , jack crow leads his motley crew of vampire killers into an infested , dilapidated house far removed from civilization . apparently , crow's crew kills bloodsuckers in a unique manner : they pierce them with cables attached to a running truck outside . the vampires are thus yanked from the darkness of their abode and into the sunlight , where they quickly flare up into ashes . the scene is effectively scary yet sets up the film's darkly humorous tone as well . after this beginning , however , the movie slows to a crawl for about half an hour as the major conflict between jack crow and the original vamp valek is set up . whether you like john carpenter's vampires or not will largely depend upon whether or not you like the actors . james woods does a wickedly fun turn as the lead vampire slayer . he brings a manic energy which fits the character perfectly . thomas ian griffith deserves an equal nod as the very effective valek . he informs the vampire with a menacing quality equal to that of other classic actors like bela lugosi . if you do not like these actors , especially woods , however , you probably won't like this movie , as it serves almost like a vehicle for the two . as a side note , the highly respected maximilian schell does a supporting role here -- this makes * two * so-so hollywood movies he's appeared in this year ( the other being the somewhat cheesy deep impact ) . john carpenter's vampires is remarkedly different from the other horror movies released this past month and a half in that not even a single teenager graces the screen . bride of chucky , urban legend , i still know what you did last summer . . . all of them center upon teenagers . john carpenter's vampires features an entirely adult cast . this doesn't necessarily mean the behavior of these characters , however , is any more informed by intelligence . people do stupid things in this movie just like any other horror movie . one of the reasons , though , that i only give this film three stars is the attitude the main characters have . jack crow and tony montoya are uncomfortably misogynistic . they kidnap a prostitute who has been bitten by valek and treat her like absolute crud . although she is turning into a vampire , their treatment of her still seems cruel and passionless . the storyline's only major fault is to suggest that montoya falls in love with her . crow's treatment of members of the catholic priesthood will probably offend some too . in one scene , for instance , crow kicks the crap out of a priest to get information , then asks the priest whether he was turned on by the abuse or not . despite these faults , the final hour of john carpenter's vampires picks up speed and is highly entertaining . not much more may be said without giving away some of the plot's resolution ; however , the final showdown between crow's " gang " and valek's " posse " in a deserted town combines the genres of the western and horror quite well . ultimately , sitting through the first half-hour is rewarded by the finale . john carpenter's vampires is deservedly rated r . it contains many scenes of graphic violence , some nudity , and several words and phrases which will never make it to commercial network tv . this one's worth catching before it comes out on video . you could probably still see it at a second-run , bargain theater for the next several weeks . 
this reviewer is ignorant of what hands were responsible for delivering the original version of the abyss in 1989 . whether it was the meddling of studio executives , or the work of writer/director james cameron himself , the original cut of this underwater sci-fi thriller was entertaining enough but also quite seriously flawed . the main problem was fairly simple : the film's climax was unworthy of its build-up . someone at 20th century fox - and no doubt cameron himself - must have agreed , because in 1993 came the theatrical release of the abyss : special edition . now available on video , it seems timely to re-evaluate what , in its newly revamped state , is now a near-masterpiece despite its borrowings from films like 2010 : odyssey two , alien and close encounters of third kind . the plot is thus . we meet the crew of an experimental underwater mobile oil rig designed by the hard-nosed lindsay ( mastrantonio ) and captained by her soon-to-be-divorced husband bud ( ed harris ) . the rig and its crew are diverted from their normal duties when the navy seeks their help in investigating the mysterious sinking of a u . s . nuclear submarine . requiring a dive part-way down a three mile deep trench , three navy divers arrive to command the operation , led by the edgy lieutenant coffey ( biehn ) . but a series of strange sightings soon convinces at least one member of the civilian crew that whoever or whatever they're dealing with , as she memorably puts it , " aren't speaking russian " . meanwhile on the surface a hurricane is brewing and , even worse , a series of incidents around cuba involving russians ships and an increasingly nervous u . s . navy sets off an international crisis of possible catastrophic proportions . this crisis is mirrored in the confines of the now isolated underwater rig , with the trigger-happy and increasingly paranoid lieutenant coffey at odds with the crew about how do deal with the mysterious goings-on around them . the human drama is often riveting , with the principal players performing with an intensity that recalls the fine ensemble acting in cameron's aliens . the stunts , hardware , special effects and underwater cinematography are all outstanding . and so they should be : cameron's technical credentials are well established . but what ultimately makes the film so gripping is three intersecting plot strands : 1 ) the tension between old sparring partners lindsay and ex-hubby bud ; 2 ) the war of wills between the civilian crew and the navy divers as a series of escalating crisis' befall them ; and 3 ) the slowly unfolding revelation of what lies at the bottom of the three mile deep abyss . the abyss : special edition is an improvement on the original film in two major respects . one is that it further fleshes out the relationship between bud and lindsay , a relationship at times touching , at others incredibly intense and volatile . the second improvement is the restoration of some absolutely crucial scenes towards the film's end , when the aliens demonstrate their control over water with a terrifying and extraordinary display of power to a world on the brink of nuclear war . with the inclusion of these startling scenes , the story's climax is now given real weight . why on earth were they left out of the original ? this reviewer finds it utterly incomprehensible . so then , we have 25 minutes of additional footage that's turned a decent underwater thriller into something quite magnificent . i say " quite " because some flaws do remain . the most grating is several moments of corny hollywood schmaltz - some new , some old - that may well have you reaching for the barf bag . nonetheless , the abyss : special edition now stands this somewhat maligned film among james cameron's greatest achievements , alongside aliens and terminator 2 . see it and be moved , gripped and spellbound . 
" through a spyglass , i could see everything . " king louis xvi was beheaded on january 21 , 1793 , but instead of visualizing this act of regicide , legendary auteur eric rohmer's the lady and the duke observes from afar . consider it a view to a kill made abstract . a proper british ( yes , british ) gentlewoman , grace elliott ( lucy russell ) , and her loyal maidservant gaze from a lofty terrace in meudon at the glistening city of paris , where raucous crowds seem tinier than ants . the maid narrates what little she sees of the execution through her telescope ( often muttering , " i don't know , " ) as the sound of cheering patriots and revolutionaries echoes through the air . what we don't see might not be able to hurt us . just close your eyes and think of england . during times of revolution , the aristocracy may feel a false sense of calm in their parlor halls , discussing tumultuous events over glasses of sherry until the walls cave in on them . adapted from elliott's memoirs , journal of my life during the french revolution , rohmer's latest artistic tour-de-force may seem far removed from his domestic comedies ( tales of the four seasons , etc . ) , a period film set during the most violent changes in french history . resisting the temptation for grand-scale theatrics , much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . grace elliott makes for an unlikely protagonist : a headstrong , snobbish blueblood , one unprepared for the machinations of history that sweep her along . a foreigner who accepts the french king as her own , grace's life seems defined by fancy attire and lively political debate with her former lover , the king's hot-blooded cousin , prince philipe , duke of orleans ( jean-claude dreyfus ) . the times are changing , though , and the gears inch ever closer toward violence . during the september massacres of 1792 , she is encountered by a procession of rioters brandishing the head of the duke's sister-in-law on a stake . rohmer makes a harsh transition from tranquil , old fashioned , almost stagy parlor scenes to the swell of an angry mob . in doing so , he achieves what braveheart and the patriot could not : the face of death . when grace sees her friend's disembodied head on a pole , rohmer's attention drifts from the societal change to one woman's reaction shot , laden with hot tears . grace finds herself taking in a fugitive from justice , sheltering him from the mob . through her relationship with the duke , she seeks a passport for this one activist's escape . grace doesn't even understand her own actions ( and the duke reacts in stunned disbelief at how she places herself in such danger ) . she endures persecution from robespierre and his gang of thuggish equalizers , ceaseless police monitoring , house searches , even a brief imprisonment for harmless international correspondence . maintaining her stiff upper lip and pampered life ( her imperious attitude to the servants never changes ) , she becomes a heroine through circumstance . the events themselves are intrusions upon her person , her home , and therefore her values . aristocracy proves a glass house , one that can barely withstand the upheaval of stones . the duke is called to vote on the king's punishment , and despite his hours of deliberation with friends and advisors , talk means nothing in the face of bloody action ( or futile inaction ) . the episodic structure creates a wobbly , jarring detachment from the events of the french revolution , which serves as metaphor but also disconnects potential audience identification . lazy viewers ( and critics ) may also complain that knowledge of french history is required for enjoyment of the lady and the duke . that's foolery , but brings up the valid criticism that rohmer's characters occasionally become didactic . rohmer's imperfect but assured push toward the future remains staunch and notable for casting a cautious eye upon the past while taking bold steps forward into an uncertain future . what may arouse interest in the lady and the duke outside of foreign film enthusiasts with literary and historical passions is rohmer's use of cutting edge digital technology as a means of exploring the theme of artifice as safety net or coping mechanism . the actors were filmed against a bluescreen , then placed against painted backdrops recreating the vastness of 18th century paris . this recreation calls attention to itself in every shot , a technicolor dream of fanciful buildings and wide-open streets . it looks as phony as titanic , but unlike james cameron's debacle , the lady and the duke plays with the notion of false security in those walls of stone . why ? they aren't real . the very foundation rohmer's characters stand upon is false , and in their groundlessness they must discover themselves , in all their insubstantial glory . screened at the 2001 new york film festival ( feature coming soon ) . 
this is the best british gangster film since the long good friday . jon bennet ( played by andrew howard ) is an extremely good assassin . as such he is probably an evil man but it does not worry him . he has become an unquestioning weapon . he is in the employ of a kingpin ( david calder ) far more evil than he is . but even assassins have innocent pasts . he runs into an old from school days and he is married to a mutual girl friend from school . complicating matters is that they live near where he had a recent job and their young daughter may have seen him at the crime . a big piece of what makes this film work is the depiction of the kingpin . calder is a familiar actor in britain , though not frequently seen in the us . he was seen in the world is not enough . here he creates one of the best screen villains in recent years . he is at once seductive and repellent like a beautiful venomous snake . his lair is underground , apparently in a sewer , where he lives like the king of sewer rats . it is the kingpin who pulls the strings that will control bennet's life . paul sarossy who directs spent most of his career as a cinematographer and like the kingpin's lair , he has molded images of class and style out of the darkness . by using semi-darkness and letting the colors of deep blue and black dominate every scene he makes the film visually as ominous as anything in this nether world . this is a world that is cold and unfriendly . sorossy creates a world of violence much more by what we hear than what we see . this is a film with a great deal of physical violence occurring just out of reach . we see very little but we hear a great deal more and we imagine more than that . the screenplay is by peter waddington based on the novel by neil cross , but it is sarossy's film all the way . it creates indelible images of evil . i rate it an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low + 3 on the -4 to + 4 scale . ( i do hope they do not use the tagline " don't mess with mr . in-between . " ) 
an entertaining 2 hours awaits the audience in this film set in the early 80's . sevigny and beckinsale play disco chicks alice and charlotte , who are on the lookout for love . alice is mousy , shy , intellectual , charlotte is bitchy , out-going and fun . we join their adventures as they go through a variety of adventures , and men , all to the background of the local disco . whit stillman has both written and directed an interesting and believable story . alice and charlotte are both well written characters , and the actresses who play them aren't bad aswell . sevigny delivers an honest performance , and makes the audience feel for her character . beckinsale plays extreme bitch personified , yet her character never becomes completely unlikeable . the huge supporting cast also play a part in making sure this movie is thoroughly entertaining . the dialogue is sharp and well written , with many funny set pieces . for example , there's a great discussion about lady & the tramp by the main characters . the disco tunes playing in the background also make sure that this admittedly long film is good fun . the direction is good , bringing out the drama and comedy in the scenes . but their are slight flaws with the movie . firstly , although it is supposedly set in the 80's , the characters are very , very 90's . the way they dress and act have a very 90's feel to them . although the male hairstyles look slightly 80's , frankly the 80's atmosphere just wasn't conveyed , which is a shame . also , as mentioned above , the film is too long , and some parts do lag . the charm of the characters do help these moments , but generally the editing could of been a bit tighter . the plot also side-tracks into a silly cocaine dealing bust , which seemed out of place in this movie . finally , their are almost too many characters in the film , and despite the running time , the film never really spends enough time on them . some of the characters are very slight , which is a shame . the conclusion , while funny , is also surprisingly weak , and certainly not strong enough . but despite these qualms , the last days of disco is a funny , warm movie , which is certainly worth seeing , and is a fitting homage to the disco era of the 80's . worth a look . 
all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix this review has been submitted to the shrubbery http : //www . theshrubbery . com any comments about this review ? e-mail me at justinfelix@yahoo . comscreen story by kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker . inspired by the short story the legend of sleepy hollow by washington irving . 
shallow grave  r , 1995 directed by danny boyle . written by john hodge . starring ewan mcgregor , kerry fox , christopher eccleston . while watching " shallow grave , " i found myself periodically noticing thematic similarities to the coens' " blood simple . " both are good films in which several characters , none of whom are the most conscientious to have walked the earth but still are not really evil , indulge in an act of deception that soon necessitates more serious crimes . the body count rises , and before long seemingly normal people have blood on their hands . both films are also flawed , but for different reasons . " blood simple " is unrelentingly dark and moody , but its characterizations were a little hollow . " shallow grave , " on the other hand , is nearly flawless for an hour and twenty minutes , and then the filmmakers throw away much of what they'd accomplished for a more standard , audience-pleasing ending . the events of the film were sufficiently intense and disturbing that i honestly felt quite troubled by what i was witnessing on screen most of the time , yet there was a slight grin on my face at the end . as the film begins , we are introduced to alex ( ewan mcgregor ) , juliet ( kerry fox ) , and david ( christopher eccleston ) , a scottish trio living in an apartment in glasgow . they are all sarcastic and occasionally obnoxious , but other than that they seem like a fairly normal bunch . a man named hugo moves into the apartment's remaining vacancy , and the next morning he is found dead of a drug overdose . juliet is about to call the police when alex discovers that hugo had brought with him a suitcase filled to the brim with cash ( presumably from criminal activities ) . the three eventually decide to keep the money and cover up the death ; after a drawing of straws , the particularly unenviable task of mutilating the body so as to make it unidentifiable and burying it falls to david , who had been the most reluctant to partake in the scheme from the beginning . all of this transpires in the first twenty minutes or so of the film , and part of what makes " shallow grave " so brilliant for a while is that i honestly had no idea what was coming next . other than the obvious question of why they don't report the death and simply hide the cash , which is not addressed , the plotting and characterization , while sometimes predictable , worked in a way that kept my attention and , on more than one occasion , gave me chills . i will , therefore , attempt to continue this review in a way that doesn't give away too much of the plot . broadly , the trio are in danger due to hugo's underworld connections , as two goons search for the money and kill several people in the process . a police inspector ( ken stott ) is clearly suspicious and visits the apartment , asking pointed questions and trying to unnerve the three suspects by exchanging banal and weirdly humorous bits of dialogue with a junior detective . david , meanwhile , becomes increasingly paranoid , moves into the attic , and develops an affinity for sharp objects . director danny boyle effectively creates an atmosphere of mounting tension and suspicion in the apartment , and finally the three seem ready to turn against each other . while i do not consider myself the " happy endings are automatically stupid " type , i thought that " shallow grave " really should have ended in tragedy - a realistic analysis of the story up to the last ten minutes of the film would indicate that all three characters were probably about to end up in prison , in the mental hospital , or in the morgue . this could have been accomplished , quite credibly , but then boyle and screenwriter john hodge seem to flinch and opt for a more conventional " caper " ending in which we get a kick out of seeing who outsmarted whom , and nothing more . granted , this isn't really a " happy " ending , but it's still pretty light-hearted compared to what preceded it . i really shouldn't say anything more about the ending as far as details go , but let me add that it seemed not only shallow and lazy but also inconsistent with the rest of the film and not very believable . yes , this ending made me crack a smile for a couple of minutes , but ultimately it left me feeling as if i'd been cheated . still , " shallow grave " was brilliant most of the way through , and it does at least meet the minimum requirements for an entertaining thriller , and i am therefore awarding it three stars . i guess i just can't help but think about that fourth star that boyle and hodge let slip away . 
  will hunting ( matt damon ) is a natural genius . for a movie character , that's usually a death sentence . it's a trait associated with what my brother calls " too good for this world " movies , like phenomenon or powder . forgive me for spoiling the ending , but will doesn't die . this is no formula movie . in fact , it's quite fresh and original . it's a character study more than anything , and that's not surprising , considering it was written by two actors : damon and co-star ben affleck . will works whatever kind of job he can get . first he's a janitor , then he works construction . off-screen he speed reads books on any academic subject that interests him . on-screen he hangs out with his friends , picking fights in robust , romanticized-hemingway fashion . lambeau ( stellan skarsgard from breaking the waves ) , a math professor , learns that the janitor ( will ) is a genius with a special talent for advanced mathematics . having confirmed he's not a fluke or a savant , he does what he can to get will into the education system . he is firmly rejected . finally , will lands in jail for one of his fights . lambeau can get him probation instead of prison time as long as will agrees to therapy sessions and to discussing mathematics with him . will ( barely ) decides to go for the therapy over prison . lambeau treats will like a son . he's proud of , and amazed by , will's accomplishments in mathematics . he encourages will and tries to give him structure , knowing that , with a little discipline , he could be bigger than einstein . will isn't really interested in academia . he knows he would be the best in his field , and therefore spend all of his time in an office , explaining math to people like lambeau . he would rather work construction , which breaks lambeau's heart . meanwhile , will attends his mandated therapy sessions . it's not long before he shreds all the therapists on lambeau's " a " list . will has read enough psychology to know the tricks of the trade , and how to keep them from affecting him . shrink after shrink refuses to return after will's mockery . lambeau's last hope is his old college roommate , now a psychology teacher at a small-time community college . knowing that will is going to try to shred him too , sean ( robin williams ) agrees to take him on as a favor to lambeau and for the chance to meet this next einstein . true to form , will finds sean's emotional weakness and attacks . but unlike the other shrinks , sean knows what he is in for and continues the sessions . like a foster mother with a fussy child , sean knows that the attacks are defensive and is able to take them in stride . like the foster mother , sean knows that time and quiet patience is the only approach . robin williams is excellent in this role . he's not an actor with a great range , but in the right roles he has great depth . in this movie , as in awakenings , there comes a point when the quiet , shy man accomplishes something of great personal importance , and a smile of pure joy spreads up to his eyes . williams is the only actor i can name who can make an audience cry just by smiling . i have compared will to a foster child and that's not entirely fair . emotionally , he has a lot to learn , but he is not a child . he has thought about his life and made rational decisions about what he wants . sean , his girlfriend , his pals , and lambeau all help him grow , but he didn't start out asking for , or particularly needing , help . his exceptional gift singled him out , and those who love him kept pushing him in the right direction . if i had to say anything bad about good will hunting is that it walks the line between drama and melodrama . it's too sentimental and uplifiting for a straight drama , but the emotions are too subtle for melodrama . it is emotionally engaging , but it's not quite larger than life . this isn't a problem per se , but at times i didn't know quite how to take it . but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie . a good movie allows its characters to learn and grow . it doesn't just happen ; it takes a good script , good acting , and good direction . good will hunting has all three . if you are at all inclined to see it , by all means , go . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
 cast : al pacino ( tony montana ) , steven bauer ( manolo manny ray ) , michelle pfeiffer ( elvira ) , mary elizabeth mastrantonio ( gina ) , robert loggia ( frank lopez ) director : brian depalma certification : r ( usa ) for excessive language and violence year of production : 1983 scarface , a remake of the 1932 film of the same name , is a very gripping and , as far as i know , a true-to-life story of how power and violence lead to corruption . al pacino , as tony montana ( for whom the movie is named ) , also provides a brilliant performance as a cuban refugee who comes to america with less than nothing and becomes one of the most highly respected and feared drug lords in miami . oliver stone also penned the screenplay in one of his earlier writing roles . the film begins by disclosing the story of now fidel castro ordered thousands of cubans to set sail and head for the coasts of the united states . many of these cubans had criminal records , such as tony montana , a cocky , fast-talking man who has the look of crime . nearly right after his arrival in miami , tony is thrust into the gangster life when he participates in a cocaine buy that goes awry . along with his friend and partner , manolo ( steven bauer ) , tony rises in the gangster ranks when he forms a friendship with frank lopez ( robert loggia ) , a high-roller in the organized crime field . tony also begins to fall in love with elvira ( michelle pfeiffer ) , who at the time was frank's lover . of course , sooner or later in this industry , betrayal and corruption amount into a force greater than anything else , and tony is one of the ones who fall victim to this force . this is not before he becomes one of the most respected , and often feared , men in miami . tony gets to the point where he cannot trust anyone , and everyone he knows basically feels the same way towards him . no one can trust him , and basically , no one does . scarface , although incredibly violent , is one of the best crime films of its time and stands out as another great performance for al pacino . although he did not receive any recognition from the academy for his performance , it truly is a very good one . in fact , his accent and facial movements alone are enough in my mind to win at least a nomination ( although he did get a golden globe nomination ) . another element that stands out when someone mentions this film is the profanity . a figure tagged to the film boasts that the word " fuck " and it's uses are uttered 206 times throughout the film , which is apparently a record . the thing is , the vulgarity fits rather well with the movie . as odd as it sounds , it's true . in the end , scarface is a very powerful film that hits home hard .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
oliver stone's latest feature is the last one standing in the long line of biographies of american presidents . it's a three-hour long saga about the life of one of the most hated and misunderstood leaders of the 20th century . stone doesn't hold back anything as he digs deep inside politics and legal maneuvers of the white house . the director holds nixon responsible for everything he has done . at the same time he creates a very human character , a brilliant and tortured man that is caught in the dirty game of politics , which is here pictured as a wild animal . he is simply trying to tame it . but the occasional switch to the raging sky and the clouds swiftly fleeing over the white house as events run ahead of the president's ability to control them . stone doesn't in any way apologize for nixon . he blames not only nixon's own character flaws but also the imperial presidency itself , the system that , once set in motion , behaves with a mindlessness of its own . " nixon " is a modern shakespeare story - a saga about a ruler destroyed by his fatal flaws . there's something almost majestic about the process : as nixon goes down in this film , there is no gloating , but a watery sigh , as of a great ship sinking . sir anthony hopkins is staggering and plays nixon with incredible honesty and understanding , creating a very emotional picture of the 37th american president . joan allen's magnificent and captivating performance is certainly worth an oscar statuette . she is strong and loyal as mrs . nixon . the rest of the cast is equally magnificent , including : james woods , j . t . walsh , paul sorvino , ed harris and bob hoskins . everyone does a serious and demanding job , no one are disappointing . stone never loses focus and his direction is steddy , honest and determined . he is displaying the historical facts and at the same time concentrating at the human element . at times he is showing to black and white showing flashbacks from nixon's youth and childhood . the flashy editing by brian berdan and frank corwin , robert richardson's rich cinematography and john williams' musical score create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere . the film's only fault is that it's a bit tiering and overloaded with too much political material and legal maneuvers . still it's an honest and captivating - a solid piece of movie making . 
directed by james wong . cast : devon sawa , ali larter , kerr smith , seann william scott , kristen cloke , amanda detmer , chad e . donella , daniel roebuck , roger guenveur smith , brendan fehr . 2000 - 95 minutes rated r ( for violence , gore , and profanity ) . reviewed by dustin putman , march 18 , 2000 . have you ever wondered if death is something that simply happens naturally , at any given moment , in life ? or if it is an occurrence that is predetermined by some much larger force within the world , or outside of it ? these thought-provoking questions are the subject of " final destination , " which is the most riveting horror-drama since 1999's " the sixth sense . " stylishly filmed and tautly directed by " x-files " alum james wong , the film deals with several fairly heavy topics that are discussed truthfully by teenage characters ( in accurately written " teen-speak , " rather than overwrought , highly intellectualized dialogue that even harvard scholars wouldn't use ) , all the while developing into a darkly foreboding , severely eerie thriller that successfully leaves you uneasy from the horrifyingly real opening twenty minutes to the less-successful , but still suspenseful epilogue . at the start of the film , 17-year-old high school senior alex browning ( devon sawa ) is about to leave with his 40-student french class for a field trip to paris . progressively getting a case of preflight jitters , he spots several mysterious " coincidences , " including the departure time being 9 : 25 , the same as his september 25 birthday , as well as hearing the john denver song " rocky mountain high " over the sound system in the airport bathroom . " john denver died in a plane crash , " alex grudgingly mutters to himself . once seated , alex suddenly gets a horrific premonition about the plane exploding upon takeoff , and after causing a ruckus onboard , he , as well as six other students and a teacher , are thrown off . arguing in the airport lobby , alex's suspicion comes true when the plane really does explode in flight , killing all 300 + passengers , including the rest of their classmates . as two investigators interrogate alex about how he knew the plane was going to explode , the fellow survivors , whom he has saved , treat him in varying manners . carter ( kerr smith ) , the hotshot jock , holds him in contempt because he believes that it is only he himself who can decide his fate . alex's best friend , tod ( chad e . donella ) , wants to stand by him but can't because of his fearful parents . the teacher , mrs . lewton ( kristen cloke ) , is frightened by him , believing that it was he who somehow caused the disaster , as well as in a state of guilt for giving up her seat on the plane to a fellow coworker . only outsider clear rivers ( ali larter ) , who unboarded the plane due to a sudden connection to alex's premonition even though she had never even spoken to him before , is sympathetic and thankful to him for saving her life . that is only the setup of " final destination , " and the less said about what follows , the better . suffice to say , the film does , indeed , turn into a slasher film , albeit one that is more thoughtful than most , and replaces a knife-wielding maniac for the never-seen granddaddy killer of them all , the grim reaper itself . the setpieces in any horror movie are the death scenes , and " final destination " surely boosts some of the most inventive ones to grace the silver screen in years . graphic and brilliantly orchestrated in a rube goldbergesque manner , they manage to occasionally be so intense you don't know whether to shrink down in your seat , tap your feet in nervousness , or turn away . devon sawa , a rising star who put his physical comedy skills to good use in 1999's underseen slasher-comedy , " idle hands , " is even more of a charismatic presence here . the conflicting emotions he feels for his survival , which he comes to believe he wasn't meant to do , as well as the loss of the other passengers , is superbly and subtly acted on his part . one scene , in which he is watching a news report on the crash and slowly begins to break down is especially realistic and powerful . ali larter ( 1999's " varsity blues " ) , in the other central role , is also effective , as a girl whose life was going well until her father died in a convenience store shooting years before , leaving her stuck with an increasingly uncaring mother who married a loutish man--the exact opposite of her now-deceased father . the other roles are not as fully written , and most remain rather one-dimensional . the movie is mainly sawa's , however , and the rest of the actors equip themselves well in limited roles . tony todd ( 1992's " candyman " ) , as an arcane morgue attendant , pops up for a five-minute cameo , but his appearance is rather supererogatory . and the aforementioned dialogue occasionally hits the bullseye , while at other times it hovers over being just a little too stilted and campy . ultimately , what is so good about " final destination " is that , within the confines of the slasher genre , writer-director wong and screenwriters glen morgan and jeffrey reddick have created a premise that has never been seen before in this manner , and a film that has the ability to both surprise and frighten--two things that are rarely found in today's horror films . if anything , it's safe to say you will never ever look at flying in airplanes the same way again . 
directors : john lasseter and andrew stanton writers : don mcenery , bob shaw , and andrew stanton ( story by john lasseter , bob shaw , and andrew stanton ) starring : dave foley , kevin spacey , julia louis-dreyfus , hayden panettiere , phyllis diller , richard kind , david hyde-pierce , joe ranft , denis leary , jonathan harris , madeline kahn , bonnie hunt , michael mcshane , john ratzenberger , brad garret , roddy mcdowell , edie mcclurg , alex rocco " a bug's life " may not be " toy story , " but it's more close than " antz " was . i really liked " antz , " basically because , yes , it is clever and witty and intelligent ( and it has the temerity to take a chance and put woody allen in the lead , perhaps the year's most inspired casting ) , but there was , in fact , something missing from it , and i'm the first to admit that . maybe it's that it never totally lets go and takes off into real innocent fun - it's too obsessed with its orwellian message to become totally engaging , and if it weren't for woody allen , it would have been just a really clever good-not-great flick . " a bug's life " has a similar premise , and it also has disney to insure that it's g-rated and not totally over kids' heads like " antz " was ( not a bad thing , believe me ) , but what it also has is a tone that's completely innocent even when it's also remaining perpetually clever . " antz " is still the more witty film , and i love it for it , and " a bug's life " is more for general consumption , but it's also more entertaining . it broadens its horizons , and when it really moves from the ant colony , it really shows us a whole new world we've never seen before , and it's take on the evolution of bugs is a lot better than the one in " antz . " it's also light and clever . the visuals are , instead of earth tones , bright worldly colors , and still gives the amazing visual technology of " antz " at least a worthy contender . the characters are also nicely realized - though watered-down for broad consumption , they still carry more wit than the contemporary disney animated films . the lead character , flik ( voiced by dave foley ) , is nothing more than a slightly-less neurotic z from " antz , " but foley makes him nearly as engaging as allen made z . instead of gene hackman playing the villain , we get the much more menacing kevin spacey as the lead grasshopper , the nicely-titled hopper . and for the romantic lead , we don't get spacey sharon stone , but intelligent and hard-to-get julia-louis dreyfuss , who doesn't even come around until the very final frames . not that the plot's really any better than the one in " antz " - it's basically yet another redux of " the seven samurai , " with an ant colony under the control of giant grasshoppers forcing them to produce a product for them or else . when flik , a bone fide inventor , creates a time-conserving apparatus that accidentally destroys the season's donation , he puts them all in risk , and is sent away so that he won't screw anything up with the pretense that he is searching for help to fight the grasshoppers . he runs into a group of " warrirors " who are , unbeknownst to him , a group of carnival bugs , and they agree to help under similar false pretenses . these bugs are an equally wonderful assortment to anything in " toy story " : foppish walking stick slim ( david hyde-pierce ) , german caterpillar heimlich ( joe ranft ) , quick-tempered and insecure male ladybug francis ( denis leary ) , pretentious praying mantis manny ( jonathan harris ) , his assistant butterfly hypsy ( madeliene kahn ) , spider rosie ( bonnie hunt ) , and two fleas , tuck and roll ( michael mcshane ) , who speak in undiscernable jibberish . the writers lightly touch on each bug's place in bug society and the malleability thereof while making a wisecracks at everything they can , and blowing the audience away with wild visual treats . grasshoppers jumping in unison seems like a menacing earthquake . a small bird becomes an ominous mortal threat , whose usual mild-mannered squeal is a scream of death . the bug city is a modern-day metropolis , complete with fireflies temping as traffic lights and a fly sitting on the curb , holding out a cup , with a sign lying next to him that says " kid tore off wings . " and a rainstorm is like a giant flood , with each drop acting like a small bomb dropped at millions of miles per hour . around this , the pixar animators stage several large set pieces , like a resuce mission halfway through that is as wild and entertaining as anything this year , and a wonderfully exciting action piece at the end , a chase scene at night through the labyrinthine branches of a small thicket . meanwhile , each character gets the spotlight to be completely idisyncratic and interesting , something " antz " couldn't do , and by the end , over the end credits , " a bug's life " pulls it's final punch , out clever-ing " antz " with a series of incessantly hilarious faux-bloopers that come just at the right time , when those who leave immeadiately after the final frame of a film have left , and you can brag that you were one of the elite who stayed and got the full money's worth of entertainment . still , it's no " toy story . " that film , maybe above any animated film i've ever seen , encompassed almost true perfection in story , character , and wit . it proved that it didn't need to brag about it's cutting edge technology to really soar ( it's the least visually striking of the three computer animated films thus far , but is still the most satisfying ) , and created a perfect world of idiosyncratic delights and innocent fun . yet " a bug's life , " as well as " antz , " are still amazing films , and prove without doubt , that if you're gonna make a computer animated film , send it to the guys who created these three flicks , evne if they're not working under the same roof . 
cast : tom cruise , thandie newton , ving rhames , dougray scott , william r . mapother , anthony hopkins , rade serbedzija written by : robert towne directed by : john woo running time : 123 minutes screening theater : starnet pablo 9 theaters - jacksonville beach , fl " well this is not mission : difficult , mr . hunt , it's mission : impossible . difficult should be a walk in the park for you . " ---agent swanbeck ( sir anthony hopkins ) , the series' new agent phelps , takes ethan hunt ( tom cruise ) down a notch . a russian scientist ( rade serbedzija ) has created a new virus ( and its antidote ) called chimera that destroys its host within twenty hours of injection . a rogue imf agent , sean ambrose ( dougray scott ) , wants to use the disease and cure to blackmail a pharmaceutical company into selling him enough stock to make him owner of the company ( he knows it will soon be worth its weight in gold thanks to the outbreak of the virus he is going to cause ) . posing as ethan hunt , ambrose gains the confidence of the scientist long enough to get only the cure , not realizing that the scientist had injected himself with the virus to prevent exactly what ambrose was trying to do . the real ethan hunt is called in from his vacation to persuade beautiful thief nyah nordoff-hall ( thandie newton ) to assist the imf team in retrieving the stolen goods . ethan and nyah fall quickly in love , but ethan soon finds himself in a real dilemma when he learns that his new love has only been hired because she was a former lover of ambrose's . reluctantly , he sets up nyah to be rescued from prison by ambrose so she can infiltrate his compound and send back intelligence to the team . ethan must race against time to keep ambrose from obtaining and spreading the virus and prevent any harm from coming to nyah . although the first mission : impossible film was a moderate box office success , audiences panned it because they felt the plot was too confusing and there wasn't much action ( although being a fan of the series both old and new , i thought the movie was pretty decent and especially gutsy to make phelps a bad guy ) . that problem has been rectified in the sequel by making the plot more accessible ( courtesy of one of the writers of the previous entry , robert towne ) and by turning the film into one gigantic action set piece under the steady hand of action film guru john woo . the end result is one of the most entertaining ( yet simple ) action films made in a long while . unfortunately , the first forty minutes or so are relatively slow , dwelling mainly on ethan and nyah's quickly blossoming romance and seeming more in place in a james bond film than with the less glamorous mission : impossible tv series . ethan's conflict is a compelling one , but it seems very rushed ( and comes about because of a near fatal car wreck that ethan himself causes ! ) . john woo handles all of this with an artistic flair that seems out of place , featuring a great deal of slow fades and dramatically framed close-ups . the surreal nature of these sequences are distracting and ultimately a detriment to the film . thankfully though , at the point ambrose discovers nyah's deception , mission : impossible ii becomes very entertaining and action-packed . robert towne's screenplay takes some of the conventions set up in the first film and parodies them during a sequence where ethan must break into a high-rise building and retrieve the remaining specimens of the virus . after that , the action scenes just begin to build in intensity , as is the case with many of woo's previous high-octane films . the final half hour is an all out assault of action ( a good deal of which is ruined by the trailer , unfortunately ) . as far as summer entertainment goes , mission : impossible ii is serviceable fare . anyone looking for hardcore action won't be disappointed ( except for during the first half of the film , perhaps ) . even if you weren't a fan of the first film , this entry deserves some checking out . [pg-13] reviewed by brian matherly - bmath2000@hotmail . com aol instant messenger : widescreen25 the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
adrian lyne's previous films ( 9 and 1/2 weeks , fatal attraction , etc ) have dealt with the nature of sexual attraction and obsession , and his adaptation of vladimir nabokov's controversial 1958 novel lolita further explores these themes . however , free of the strict moral and censorship code that shaped stanley kubrick's 1962 version , lyne is able to explore the novel in far more detail . where kubrick largely alluded to the nature of the relationship between humbert and his precocious 12 year old step daughter , lyne is able to explore it in franker terms . however , lyne's intelligent and sensitive handling of the provocative material and his sense of restraint is unexpected . lolita is nowhere near as sexually explicit or torrid as its detractors would have us believe , but is rather a more poignant and evocative tale of a tragically doomed and illicit love affair . many writers , including james drearden , harold pinter , and even david mamet , have attempted to write a more contemporary flavoured adaptation of lolita , but lyne found the perfect collaborator in former vanity fair film critic stephen schiff , whose lyrical and melancholy script seems to capture much of the book's flavour . the two central performances are powerful and complex and enhance the movie . jeremy irons brings his usual pained and haunted expression to the character of humbert humbert , the refined english professor who comes to new england to take up a teaching assignment in 1947 . humbert is still marked by the loss of an adolescent love that has haunted him for the past quarter of a century . he is initially reluctant to take up lodging with the man hungry widow charlotte haze ( melanie griffith ) , until he spies her beautiful young daughter dolores ( newcomer dominique swain ) . despite her childish demeanour , dolores arouses long forgotten feelings in humbert . he eventually marries charlotte , just so he can be close to dolores , and successfully manages to avoid most of his husbandly duties . for a long time charlotte misreads the attraction between humbert and her daughter . following the death of charlotte , humbert and dolores set out on a journey across an america slowly recovering from the war and emerging with a recognition of its own identity and culture . irons brings sophistication and urbane charm to the role , and makes humbert something of a sympathetic figure . he convincingly conveys humbert's ever increasing sense of guilt and remorse . his voice over narration provides insight into his obsession , and also adds some touches of droll humour . lyne uses some neat cinematic tricks to illustrate humbert's disquieting inner nightmares as he begins to lose control of the relationship . irons gives a confident and convincing performance in this tricky role , whereas james mason always seemed uncomfortable . in a remarkably assured debut performance , swain ( who went on to play nicolas cage's daughter in the action thriller face/off ) is a wonderfully seductive and manipulative nymphet . swain beautifully mixes childlike innocence with an earthy quality and a smouldering sexuality that sears across the screen . frank langella ( from dave , etc ) is truly creepy as the enigmatic and predatory quilty . in the early stages , he is mainly seen in shadows and gloomy lighting , which gives him a sinister , mysterious and somehow menacing quality . lyne's adaptation of lolita finally reaches our screens , following a year of protracted debate over whether it is pornography or art , and whether it should be banned . not since martin scorsese's the last temptation of christ has a film had so much free pre-publicity , which certainly won't harm it at the box office . far from glorifying paedophilia , as most of the film's detractors have claimed , lolita ends badly and tragically for all concerned . in fact , the most disturbing scene is the taxi driver-like violence at the end when humbert confronts the monstrously amoral quilty in his own mansion . the film is visually rich , and has a beautiful , glossy , almost romantic surface that seduces the audience , despite its dubious subject matter . howard atherton's exquisite cinematography brings to life the rich american landscapes through which humbert and lolita travel on their odyssey . ennio morricone's lush score further enriches the movie . 
a . i . artificial intelligence ( 2001 ) . starring haley joel osment , jude law , brendan gleeson , william hurt , sam robards and frances o'connor . music by john williams . based on a short story by brian aldiss . based on a screenplay by ian watson . screenplay by steven spielberg . directed by spielberg . rated pg-13 it is easy to see why the late stanley kubrick believed steven spielberg would be the perfect director for his a . i . artificial intelligence , just as it is understandable why spielberg was attracted to the material . for here we have another lost boy trying to find his way home , an outcast seeking family , themes very familiar from most of spielberg's body of work from sugarland express to close encounters of the third kind to e . t . to empire of the sun to hook to saving private ryan , naming just a few examples . a . i . is set in an undefined near future in which giant technological advances have led to the creation of robots who serve every purpose from housekeeping to fulfilling sexual fantasies . it is an era when robots are treated merely as sophisticated appliances . the last great leap in robotic evolution is the addition of emotions , and with the number of births limited by the government , many couples are yearning for children . and professor hobby ( william hurt ) has the solution . a robotic boy named david ( haley joel osment ) , who is programmed to love . as a test , david is placed with henry swinton ( sam robards ) and his wife , monica ( frances o'connor ) . their natural-born son has been cryogenically frozen until a cure can be found for his illness . the first third of a . i . deals with david's life with the swintons and how that is changed by the recovery and return of their son , martin . circumstances force david to be cut off from the swintons . he is abandoned and alone . david , highly influenced by the fairy tale , pinocchio , feels that if he becomes a real boy he can rekindle monica's love for him . the film's second act follows david's search for the blue fairy , whom he believes will be able to fulfill his wish . during these adventures he meets and is helped by gigolo joe ( jude law ) , a robot who specializes in sex . spielberg is at his top form in this sequence , offering a brutal " flesh fair " where robots are destroyed via sadistic methods for the amusement of paying customers . here , is where kubrick's influence is strongly felt , as the movie explores the fear and distrust humans have for robots . the savagery conjures up images from the late director's a clockwork orange . at about two hours and 30 minutes , the film begins to falter during the last 20 minutes , a sequence that seems most spielbergian with images that appear to be borrowed from close encounters . it is all very anti-climatic and jarring . these scenes seem almost superfluous , as if from a different film . a . i . is a dark fairy tale that deserves its pg-13 rating . it is a story combining hope and intolerance , sacrifice and bigotry , and while it does not coalesce perfectly , the movie does offer some disturbing images . but a . i . is really a showcase for the acting talents of the amazing young osment . if ever an actor deserved an academy award nomination , it is this lad , who brings a sense of joy and wonder to the role of david , a being created for the express purpose of loving . he shines when with monica , beaming with love , as eager as a puppy to please . after being left in the woods , he is confused , lost , hurt , focusing on one objective : to become a real boy and find his way home so he can redeem himself in his mother's eyes . law is pleasant as the care-free robot who really doesn't understand david's quest , but is nonetheless happy to help him on his journey . probably the toughest role is o'connor's monica . playing an emotional fragile woman who sees david as a substitute for her lost martin , she grows conflicted after her boy returns and she begins to perceive david not as a second chance , but as a threat to her family . she gives her character enough emotional chaos that you cannot fault her for her course of action . many of a . i . 's futuristic sets are breathtaking , especially a mostly submerged new york , lost to the world by the melting of the polar ice caps . a . i . is a flawed film , and you cannot get through the entire feature without pondering - even subconsciously - how it would have turned out with kubrick instead of spielberg behind the camera . would it have been darker ? more cynical ? we will never know . we can only judge what is before us on the screen , a collaboration of two cinematic giants . a . i . is a most interesting and thought-provoking examination of a future that is quickly gaining on us . bob bloom is the film critic at the journal and courier in lafayette , in . he can be reached by e-mail at bloom@journal-courier . com or at bobbloom@iquest . net .  other reviews by bloom can be found at www . jconline . com by clicking on golafayette . bloom's reviews also can be found on the web at the internet movie database : http : //www . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? bob + bloom 
steven spielberg is now considered as one of the hollywood deities , because of the rare capability to deliver both huge commercial hits , like jurassic park , and " oscar " -awarded critical triumphs like schindler's list . however , in the 1970s spielberg built his reputation by creating works of art that could slip in both categories . one of them is close encounters of the third kind , extremely popular and influential science-fiction spectacle . unfortunately , it had a bad luck to be released in the same year as star wars . although both films have a lot in common ( ground-breaking special effects , brilliant score by john williams ) their future was different ; one became an unstoppable cult phenomenon , and another almost forgotten and stuck forever in its shadow . when spielberg began work on that project , he was already established as a bright new hollywood star due to his previous commercial hit , jaws . together with other young directors of his " new hollywood " generation , like kauffman , carpenter , hill and millius , he exploited the great creative freedom of 1970s , when even the mainstream producers dared to experiment . ironically , it was spielberg himself whose later commercial success would established new unwritten rules of " blockubuster " philosophy . but in the mid 1970s , many things were different ; spielberg was young and eager to use hollywood resources for his very personal and artistic movie . although very personal , spielberg's screenplay was partly based on the book " ufo experience " by dr . j . allen hynek and in many ways inspired by the popular urban mythology of extraterrestrial visitors to earth that began to grow in the world after ww2 . spielberg was not only inspired by the mythology , but his movie also gave the mythology itself a huge boost , unmatched until the contemporary era of x-files and the roswell anniversary . that was partly because he made the movie very realistic using the authentic ufo-related incidents as the element of the plot . the story begins with one of such incidents - team of international scientists come to the sonorra desert in mexico to find the u . s . navy planes of who went missing decades ago during the famous flight 19 . such events coincide with the ufo incident witnessed by roy neary ( richard dreyfuss ) , power company worker from muncie , indiana , who later becomes obsessed with his experience . because of his obsession he loses his job , family and sanity , but his loss is nothing compared to the experience of jillian guiler ( melinda dillon ) , single mother whose son becomes the victim of alien abduction . in the meantime , the scientists decipher the strange signals from outer space and u . s . government , in co-operation with the french , led by lacombe ( francois truffaut ) begin with the preparation for ultra-secret project . when the news of the poison gas leak in the middle of wyoming reach neary , he finally sees some sense in all his visions and begins the perilous journey toward the centre of endangered area . there he is joined by jillian who shared the similar visions . two of them must break through military pickets and reach their destination to find whatever is there . spielberg here shows great mastery by using the very same techniques of jaws to make completely different effects . the slow , gradual yet very disciplined series of dramatic incidents - " close encounters " - is set in order to bring the viewer to the great revelation in the finale . but , instead of the fear and horror we had to endure during the jaws , we are now overwhelmed by the sense of boyish wonder . throughout the movie the viewer knows that something big , magnificent and wonderful is about to happen , and great magician spielberg delivers his promise in the end . the last sequence , with its , even in this age , impressive special effects by the great virtuoso douglas trumbull , would leave many mouths open . one of the great virtues of this film is its optimism . aliens , who almost always get portrayed as the monsters in science-fiction cinema , are here benevolent and harmless creatures and the first contact between them and humanity is a beginning of something wonderful . it is very ironic , when we consider that the two classic sf movies that visually inspired spielberg actually told quite different story - howard hawks' thing and byron haskin's war of the worlds presented extraterrestrials as the threat to the mankind . spielberg's humane approach and faith in the future also lies in great contrast to the pessimistic mood of its era ; the only hint of the contemporary gloom is post-watergate portrayal of government as conspiratorial towards the public . but , even such government is much more harmless compared to the murderous and chain-smoking men in black that became the stereotype thanks to x-files and its more cynical and disturbing visions . there lies the main , and probably the only flaw of this great picture - lack of conflict , and consequently , lack of drama . the movie has few excitements or even action scenes ( especially the last that may be an interesting homage to hitchcock's north by northwest ) but generally , almost everyone - neary , jillian , government , aliens - are the good guys . despite such shortcomings , the actors were good and manage to bring multidimensionality to their simple roles . richard dreyfuss is very convincing as a ordinary , yet nice guy , who sinks into insanity only to rediscover himself in a grand finale . melinda dillon was , on the other hand , nominated for " oscar " as a struggling mother , yet she was overshadowed by teri garr as neary's long-suffering wife ronnie . apart from visual wonders of this film , spielberg's semi-official composer john williams again excels by his beautiful music , this time using the simple melody both as the element of a plot , and as the basis for his score . the aliens , who are the main subject of this film , were visually very convincing . too convincing , one of my acquaintances in the ufo-researching circles said . according to him , the depiction of extraterrestrials as grey-skinned little people with big eyes was so accurate , that it managed to freak out powerful government figures interested in suppressing the truth about ufos . so , they later approached spielberg and ordered him to make another movie with alien , this time designed to be anything but the real life . the result was e . t . , for many years the biggest commercial hit of all times , yet less inspirational for ufo enthusiasts . anyway , whether the viewer believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos , close encounters of the third kind remains the great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema . 
directed by : martin scorsese written by : joe connelly ( novel ) , paul schrader if there is one thing martin scoresese's new film , " bringing out the dead " proves , it is that great actors and great directing cannot save a weak script . don't get me wrong , paul schrader's script does contain quite a few truly hilarious scenes , and some wonderful characters , but it is marred by long stretches of boring , useless material . while the previews talk about nicholas cage's character , frank pierce , seeing ghosts all around him , this is really nothing more than a rather pointless subplot . frank pierce is a paramedic in new york city . while once good at this job , witnessing the suffering and death around him has taken its toll . now , he hasn't saved a life in months , and his nights are filled with ghostly images of a young lady he was unable to save . his three partners , larry ( john goodman ) , marcus ( ving rhames ) , and tom ( tom sizemore ) , each deal with their jobs in different ways , but aren't able to help frank with his troubles . the only person able to bring anything into frank's life is mary burke ( patricia arquette ) , a young lady whos father has suffered a heart attack and is staying at frank's hospital . " bringing out the dead " certainly contains moments of shear brilliance . the greatest example of this can be found in the use of the film's wonderful soundtrack . each song completely enhances the scene in which it is played . from ub40's " red , red wine " being played during a scene in which goldfish lie dying upon a blood soaked floor , to " you can't put your arms around a memory " playing while frank's ambulance flies across the darkened city streets . if only the music had been able to enhance scenes in which frank stares out at the ghost of the girl , rose ( cynthia roman ) appears at random , for no apparent reason . the supporting cast is wonderful here , though underused . john goodman , great in an almost pointless role , plays a character similar to frank , though less haunted . ving rhames , in one of his best performances yet ( and that's saying something ) , plays a much more hopeful man , who believes he is playing an important role in these peoples' lives . last but not least , the always wonderful , if underrated tom sizemore plays a man who can't seem to decide if he wants to help people or hurt them . if these three men had been present a bit more often , this truly would have helped the film . nicholas cage plays nicholas cage to perfection . no , that is not a typo , i personally believe that mr . cage simply plays himself in dozens of different roles . always a depressed , moody , dour man who mutters on and on about how he can't take life any longer . patricia arquette fares better as the troubled drug addict who can't come to terms with how she feels about her dying father . the scenes between the two are well written and well acted , and the blossoming romance never feels forced . from what i have said so far , it must sound as though my star rating is a little too harsh . this is not the case , since i found myself falling asleep during many segments which served no purpose , and which seemed to drag on forever . the other major fault , as mentioned earlier , is the underuse of the other three paramedics . while they were on screen , those three actors brought a spark to the otherwise rather lifeless script . when absent , the film sputtered and died . " bringing out the dead " runs too long at 120 minutes which could easily have been chopped down to 100 . i reccomend that if you really want to see it , wait for video , since little should be lost in the transition . i grant it three stars . one last comment . for those of you who noticed that the title was taken from " monty python and the holy grail " , there is a brief line in the film acknowledging this . * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick . try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad . see it if you've got nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
jackie chan may not make the best films , but there's no question that he makes some of the most entertaining and audience-friendly ones . " it's not bach , " a friend once said , " but it is at least offenbach . " " who am i ? " , a hong kong production which was released direct-to-video through columbia tristar , is very much in the same vein as " rumble in the bronx " . its plot is mostly a clothesline on which jackie hangs as many stunts , visual gags , bits of derring-do , slapstick , and everything else that isn't hammered down . and what of the plot , you ask ? jackie plays a member of a secret military platoon who're deployed to get their hands on a meteorite fragment that can be used as an energy source . the platoon is betrayed from within , and jackie takes a chuteless nosedive from his helicopter . he wakes up , sans memory , in the care of a jungle tribe . " who am i ? " he cries out , and the running ( homeric ? ) gag of the movie is that whoami becomes his name . ( the tribe , btw , is depicted with a surprising amount of sensitivity and intelligence given the movie's pedigree . they've got t-shirts and binoculars , and understand that jackie fell out of a crashed copter , not some great metal sky-bird . ) the movie actually gets a lot less mileage out of jackie's memory loss as a plot device , but it gets a lot of mileage regardless . jackie saves a motorcross driver from snakebite ( driving the atv over the finish line himself ) ; gets mixed up with a journalist who wants to write about his story ; wrecks a mitsubishi sports car ; winds up in the netherlands , throwing wooden shoes at the bad guys ; and gets into a rooftop fight with two astonishingly brutal savate' fighters . the usual stuff , but it's served up with a good sense of fun and a fast-moving camera . and of course , we get to see jackie's end-of-movie outtakes . it wouldn't be a jackie chan film without at least one shot of him on the stretcher -- although this time around , we get to * hear * outtakes as well , from the studio sessions where jackie sang the title tune . and as a singer , jackie's mostly a pretty good stuntman . like the man says : not bach , i guess , but certainly offenbach . -----------== posted via deja news , the discussion network ==---------- http : //www . dejanews . com/ search , read , discuss , or start your own 
directed by : donald petrie written by : jenaro prieto ( novel el socio ) nick thiel cast : whoopi goldberg ( laurel ayres ) , dianne wiest ( sally doogan ) , eli wallach ( fallon ) , timothy daly ( frank ) , bebe neuwirth ( camille austin pendleton ) produced by : buena vista pictures / hollywood pictures / interscope communications / polygram rating : run time : 113 minutes for a movie that aims to dispel the prejudicial stereotypes of sexism , the associate may succeed in some aspects , but it ends up falling into a patterned plot and perpetuating other forms of sexism . what is the role of a woman in the ruthlessly competitive and testorone-tilted world of wall street ? she could be a secretary and get called " sweetie , " or she could do all the work and let her male partner take all the credit . after all , if business deals are to be closed in strip bars , a woman can hardly expect any respect . perhaps she should get breast enlargements . at the very least , she would then be able to get some attention , proceeding then to sleep her way to the top . through it all , she must never show her temper , for it would surely be interpreted as pre-menstrual syndrome . such a starkly stereotupical but realistic portrait of corporate culture is portrayed in the associate . it seems as if the only way a woman can break down the barriers errected by the wall street boys' club is to become a man , which is precisely what whoopi goldberg's character , laurel ayres , does . as a financial analyst who fails to get the recognition she deservesbecause of her gender and race , she creates and subsequently dons the persona of the fictitious robert cutty . using her intelligence and business savvy behind the persona of this imaginary white , caucasian male , she achives exceptional success . her partner in crime is fellow secretary sally , played engagingly by two-time academy award winning dianne wiest . however , hilarious fixes arise when cutty's fabricated persona becomes the target of the insatiable media , makes deals with laurel's devious competitor ( portrayed with wicked gleefulness by tim daly ) , gets subpoenaed for fraud , and even " fathers " a child . whoopi goldberg's androgynous appeal , comic talent and intelligence lend realism and humour to the character of laurel . as an african-american woman overcoming discrimination and beating the odds , we champion her cause and what she represents . however , goldberg's portrayal fails to illicit sympathy and audience-identification . as with the color purple , her steely edge and street-smarts make her unbelievable as a marginalized and exploited figure . furthermore , even as it continues to be a ver real and pressing issue today , the storline of black woman versus white man seems cliched when dealth with in comedy , especially since the possibility was raised back in the sixties of god being a black woman . in addition , the disguise strategy recalls films like mrs doubtfire and the nutty professor , and makes the plot's unfolding highly predictable . finally , even as the movie shatters female stereotypes , it perpetuates male ones . the mend o not develop beyond being cariacatures of the manipulative businessman , the fumbling nerd genius and the sensitive new-age man . as such there is an imbalance in the treatment of issues of prejudice . directed by donald petrie , known for such hit comedies as mystic pizza and grumpy old men , the associate merely retells , albeit with the slightest dash of humour , a well-known tale of sexism in today's society . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . this movie review was written for the flying inkpot : an arts and entertainment magazine from singapore . current film reviews can be found at :  " http : //www . inkpot . com/film/ 
warning : if you actually wish to see the film , stop reading this and see it . while i don't blow any plot details , the more you know about a movie , the more disappointing and built up it becomes ( waiting a month to see titanic did the same thing ) . but , in a nutshell , it's a good film . never having been the biggest star wars fanatic in the world ( i was more into star trek : the next generation ) , it is difficult to relate to the mass fandom surrounding the latest installment , the phantom menace . however , it can't be ignored . endless toys lining the shelves , endless news reports , and a multi-billion dollar advertising campaign makes it all the more difficult . with the level of this hype , one would recall an overhyped disaster from 1998 , godzilla , which definitely failed to live up to expectations . thankfully , the phantom menace does much , much better . while the " first " star wars trilogy told the story of jedi knight luke skywalker , the prequels backpedal to tell the back-story of obi wan kenobi and a young jedi named anakin skywalker ( who would become the father of luke and eventually become darth vader ) . without blowing too much of the story , the phantom menace evolves around a peaceful planet naboo , which is being held hostage by a greedy trade federation , and it's up to two jedi knights ( qui-gon ji , played by liam neeson and obi-wan kenobi , played by ewan mcgreggor ) to free it . the phantom menace has taken a literal beating from various film critics , leaving me to lower my expectations somewhat . common complaints range from lack of characterization , weak narrative , poor direction of actors , the dated style , and too much focus over special effects . still , film critics often apply much historical theory in regards to film criticism , much of which the average film buff does not care for . hence , this film is a lot of fun and definitely an improvement over the previous films ( even with the " improvements " in the special editions ) . there are many memorable sequences throughout the film , ranging from the fast and furious " pod race " sequence ( which is a take on the chariot races in " ben hur " ) and the many fight scenes involving legions of battle droids . utilizing technology that is light years beyond anything made before , special effects and computers are used to create everything from monsters to robots to amazing cityscapes with incredible detail . no matter how many times you watch this film , you will catch something new . the level of humour is a bit higher than the previous films as well , mostly conveyed through the reluctant hero jar jar binks , who belongs to a race known as the gungans . best described as an mr . bean from the planet naboo , he steals the show . unfortunately , being that he is a computer-generated character , tells a bit about the direction of the actors ( although natalie portman as the queen is pretty effective , as is jake lloyd as the young anakin skywalker ) . with star wars mania at an all time high , there is the risk that the film will disappoint ( i myself had my doubts ) , which this film does have a tendency to do at times . there are a few logic problems with the plot , several things are left unchecked , and at times seems to be made only for diehard star wars fans ( although the appearance of the tusken raiders makes for more than a few laughs ) . that , and young anakin skywalker is a really annoying character , coming off as a smarmy , arrogant brat ( with such an attitude , it's no wonder why he turns to the dark side ) . still , it seems that many people , especially critics , are missing the point . the film is some of the most fun 2 and a half hours that you'll blow in your life , which is something i wouldn't mind doing again . while it may not have the psychological impact of an academy award contender , who really cares ? the film is pure fun from beginning to end . and isn't that what really matters ? 
starring : val kilmer ( bruce wayne/batman ) , jim carrey ( edward nygma/the riddler ) , tommy lee jones ( harvey dent/two-face ) , chris o'donnell ( dick grayson/robin ) , nicole kidman ( dr . chase meridian ) , michael gough ( alfred pennyworth ) , pat hingle ( commissioner gordon ) , drew barrymore ( sugar ) , debi mazar ( spice ) directed by : joel schumacher , written by : lee batchler & janet scott batchler and akiva goldsman , based on characters created by bob kane rated pg-13 by the mpaa for violence , strong language , and a sexual implication or two 
release date : october 23 , 1998 starring : roberto benigni , nicoletta braschi , giustino durano , sergio bini bustric , horst bucholz directed by : roberto benigni distributed by : miramax films mpaa rating : pg-13 ( holocaust-related thematic elements ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1999/lifeisbeaut . htm the love for family is one of the strongest driving forces in any man's life , especially for those who have fostered their family under precarious circumstances . thematically in cinema , love for family has been used frequently and emphatically to highlight more abstract aspects of characters ; it is rare , however , for it to develop as outstandingly as it does in roberto benigni's neo-classic drama , life is beautiful . through a central cast of father , mother , and son , benigni demonstrates the wonderful , undying love that a family shares in the best of times and the worst of times . life * is * beautiful for guido orefice ( roberto benigni , directing himself here for the sixth time in his career ) , an italian jew , master con man , and aspiring waiter extraordinaire . living in 1930's italy , he lives a carefree life of good fortune ; it is made even better when he happens upon a pretty schoolteacher named dora ( nicoletta braschi ) . although dora is already engaged , guido manages to sweep her off her feet and persuades her to marry him instead ; the two have a child named joshua ( giorgio cantarini ) . unfortunately for the happy family , the third reich and its nazi minions occupy italy and imprison all jews in work camps . it is after the movie takes this dramatic turn that the movie's theme of family love becomes the strongest . although prior to this turning point benigni plays guido with a sort of goofy charm , he relaxes the role to ensure his son's happiness . now , instead of awkwardly seducing the sweet dora , he constantly reassures his son that everything will be all right . benigni's performance is truly a well-rounded one , and certainly one of the more fluid turns all year . the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script . life is beautiful is a self-proclaimed fable , one which tells its story in grand , two-part fashion . in certain parts it manages to sink to the level of a " saturday night live " spinoff -- a number of humorous skits connected by a token plot -- but in the movie's second half the script's circular nature becomes admirably obvious . characters make reprise appearances in fine form , and certain events which are intially curious become critically linked to the plot's outcome . in all , fans of foreign film will see this as a memorable motion picture , and novice movie-watchers may take this opportunity to see their first " artsy " film . life is beautiful is an artsy movie by convention but easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture . 
bob the happy bastard's quickie review : i must admit , no doubt's single " new " is quite catchy . it was bouncy and energetic enough to get me to go see this new film from director doug limon , the man who had brought us the humorous swingers a little while back . the result ? a movie that's just as good as that song , really . it follows the lives of several individuals over the course of one weekend . first we hear about a grocery bagger ( sara polley ) who runs into a monetary situation problem and ends up selling bogus drugs at a rave ( with bad results , as a drug dealer feels he's been swindled by her ) ; then comes the story of an english grocery store worker ( same store ) who heads to vegas for the weekend with friends , where sex , gunplay , and stolen car trouble come into play ; then we see the story of two gay movie actors ( played by scott wolf and jay mohr ) who deal with a cop's strange insurance presentation and hitting a girl ( sara ) with their car ; and , finally , we come to another grocery worker ( katie holmes ) who has a strange fascination with said drug dealer ( the one mentioned earlier ) . really , it's all confusing to keep track of in review format , your best bet is to just , well , go . the movie features some very good acting from all angles , and limon adds the same humorous energy he had with swingers to this particular product . the dialogue is pretty snappy and the resolution is pretty well realized , not going for the sappy happy ending nor the dreaded bad ending . think of it as a , well , ending . the intertwining of stories is a particularly good element to the movie , as it's never really confusing and tells different sides of the story , like sliding doors kinda did . however , it's better suited for the younger generation who want a little spice in their flicks , which sliding doors kinda isn't . 
starring : jay mohr , hallie kate eisenberg , tony shalhoub , cheech marin , trini alvarado ingredients : lost parrot trying to get home , friendssynopsis : a russian janitor named misha ( tony shalhoub ) discovers a little old parrot languishing in the basement of a science research facility . " paulie the talking parrot " ( the voice of jay mohr ) soon regales misha with his life story . as a young bird paulie is raised by marie ( hallie kate eisenberg ) , a little girl with a speech impediment . by attending marie's speech lessons , paulie learns to act/speak like a regular person . unfortunately , after being unfairly blamed for an accident , paulie is taken to a pawn shop and sold . paulie's biggest wish is to return to marie . many years later , and after a succession of memorable owners ( gena rowlands , cheech marin , and jay mohr ) , paulie falls in with a bad crowd and is apprehended in los angeles trying to steal jewelry . he is sent to a cruel research facility , where he refuses to participate and is imprisoned the basement . will misha help paulie get back to marie ? opinion : every time people watch movies that portray animals as beings with cute human personalities , some well-meaning audience members go out next christmas or birthday and buy a dalmatian or whatever creature is currently popular . soon enough , " birthday kid " loses interest and the purchased pup ends up at the local pound , a victim of neglect . my sister owns a real paulie : it thinks like a parrot , bites like a parrot , and requires as much attention as a newborn human infant . please think twice before buying one . okay . back to the story . in movies , parrots usually play support characters , but paulie might be the first movie where the ( animatronic ) bird gets main billing . paulie , like those side characters in disney cartoons , is cute and sassy , a strutting , miniature human . actually , paulie is the voice of jay mohr ( he played jennifer aniston's boyfriend on picture perfect ) doing his best buddy hackett impression ( which is interesting , since hackett himself cameos as the pawn shop owner , and mohr doubles as a customer ) . paulie is for kids . while watching paulie you hear little tykes in the theater laughing hysterically when paulie calls the cat a " stupid furball . " sometimes , however , there are statements the kids don't get . for example , when paulie's elderly owner ivy ( gena rowlands ) dies , paulie explains , " well , one day , the cat got her . " and you hear kids exclaim , " what cat ? ! " imagine lassie come home , except with a doll-sized human dressed as a bird , and you'll have a good idea of the plot and characterization . bird tries to get home . bird meets elderly friend . bird loses elderly friend . bird meets eccentric friend . bird loses eccentric friend . bird meets bad influence . and so on and so forth , with paulie meeting friends and saying goodbye at a meandering pace until he finally makes it back to marie ( trini alvarado ) . the bottom line ? break out the popcorn money , moms and dads . paulie may be the low end version of lassie , bambi , or babe , but he'll do . sometimes the wisecracks go over their heads , but i'm sure youngsters can appreciate a story about a little person ( paulie ) trying to get home , meeting friends and experiencing moral lessons on the way . and good luck explaining what it means when paulie says of ivy , " well , one day , the cat got her . " 
wild things reviewed by jamie peckrating :  columbia / 1 : 53 / 1998 / r ( language , violence , nudity , sex ) cast : matt dillon ; neve campbell ; denise richards ; kevin bacon ; daphne rubin-vega ; bill murray ; theresa russell ; robert wagner ; carrie snodgress director : john mcnaughton screenplay : stephen peters jerry springer has got nothing on " wild things . " john mcnaughton's new thriller tackles more tawdry themes in less than two hours than springer's notoriously sleazy talk show broadcasts in two weeks -- bisexuality , threesomes , poolside catfights , slutty rich bimbos , even redneck gator-wrestling , they're all part of the movie's raucous , complex storyline . but even trash tv topicality can't drag " wild things " down -- this crazy campfest plays like something you'd find late-night on the usa network , only infinitely more palatable and with a solid ensemble cast . despite a smattering of needless scenes ( most of them sexual in nature ) , there's wicked fun to be had here . " wild things " would be a guilty pleasure , only there's no guilty feeling involved in having a good time with it . high school guidance counselor sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) is well-liked in the town of blue bay , especially by pretty , popular kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , whose family name is among the florida yachting enclave's most financially prominent . hoping to take her crush to a physical level , kelly seductively slinks into lombardo's house after washing his jeep for a fundraiser , but , the very next day , tearfully admits to her trollop mother ( theresa russell ) that she was raped . before long , blue bay detectives ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphne rubin-vega ) are listening to similar allegations from kelly's rebel classmate suzie toller ( neve campbell ) . lombardo , who maintains his innocence , hires neck brace-sporting , opportunistic lawyer ken bowden ( bill murray ) to defend him in court . the previews give away the following revelations , so if you haven't seen any of the movie's spots on the television or in the theater , you might want to skip to the next paragraph . while cross-examining suzie on the witness stand , bowden gets her to break down and admit that the alleged rapes never took place -- that kelly had concocted this entire scheme because she was angry that lombardo was sleeping with her mother and not with her . to pay lombardo for the damages , kelly's mother breaks her daughter's trust fund and gives him $8 . 5 million . but lombardo , kelly and suzie are actually all working together , and plan to take the money and run as fast as they can . duquette and perez , however , begin to suspect that there's more afoot to the case than just false accusations . if there's a major drawback to " wild things , " it's that it's oversexed to a fault . the much-talked-about hotel room menage-a-trois between dillon , campbell and richards is a turn-off . it's also cut short ( sorry , guys ) , and should have been cut shorter -- the movie grinds to a halt for pure titillation once too often . what we don't see is far more effective than what we do . another example of this is kevin bacon needlessly going the full monty in a shower scene . er , no thanks . also , bacon's duquette feels simultaneously underdeveloped and overwritten . daphne rubin-vega , from broadway's " rent , " tries to compensate for a superfluous character . theresa russell is just plain wooden . and when , in the end , all is out in the open , ask yourself if certain scenes involving these three were really necessary . but what keeps the movie from being throwaway junk is an engaging chain of surprises ( some predictable , some not ) that never seems to end . " wild things " has more twists than a crate full of corkscrews , and most are so gleefully , over-the-top nasty that you can't help but be charmed by their absurd showmanship . a great deal of amusement also comes from watching bill murray in a supporting part that appears to have been written for his sly comedic talent ; murray's a stitch , especially when pulling up beside the van ryan limo after winning lombardo's case and flipping them off . and don't leave when the closing credits hit the screen , or you'll miss the film's best part -- four bonus flashbacks that smooth over plot holes while offering a few more tiny turns , plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a bombshell . speaking of bombshells , denise richards , who plays almost every scene in a blue bikini top , does the teen tease thing with a malicious allure that she was never allowed to flaunt in " starship troopers . " matt dillon flexes his sleepy-voiced sex appeal , and pulls off personality changes with chameleonic precision . neve campbell , lovely as ever except when sporting a blond wig , gives suzie a vengeful vulnerability that makes her the most interesting member of the conspiring trio . re-edited and toned down a bit , the dynamics between these three actors could have carried the film to greater lengths . but what we're given works well enough . " wild things " is highly entertaining and , indeed , very wild . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " suggestions , please , for the fourth movie in the series . how about ‘look who's talking back , ' in which the audience gets its turn ? " -- roger ebert on " look who's talking now " 
the premise is simple , if not bizarre . a mad scientist ( trace beaulieu as dr . clayton forrester ) launches an average-joe ( michael j . nelson as mike nelson ) into space where he forces his subject to watch the most horrendous movies ever made . why ? it's torturous , it's maniacal , and it's just plain fun . based on the cult-favorite cable television series , mystery science theater 3000 : the movie isn't torturous , but as for being maniacal and just plain fun , it foots the bill quite nicely . mike nelson , on a dog-bone shaped spacecraft , spends his days as any young man would dream - indulging in sarcasm and horseplay , and seeing quite a few movies . the catch is , these movies aren't the movies he chooses , but retched examples of film-making chosen specifically by dr . forrester in an attempt to break mike's will to live . dr . forrester is convinced that one too many b- movies is all it will take to ruin a man , but with a couple of wise-cracking puppet buddies ( tom servo , voiced by kevin murphy , and crow t . robot , voiced by beaulieu ) , the torture becomes somewhat of a honorary party for all that is wrong in the world of cheezy cinema . the purpose behind mst3k is to exploit some of the worst films known ( even if by very few of us ) to man . we watch as the silhouettes of mike , tom , and crow sit in a darkened theater poking fun at the movie going on before them . in this case , it's the 1954 sci-fi film this island earth . we basically watch as our three leads watch , only we get the pleasure of eavesdropping on their hilarious commentary . the plots behind the movies ripped apart are really quite irrelevant , but for the sake of those who might want to know , i'll explain this one . this island earth is the tale of two scientists , a man and a woman , who wind up aboard a spaceship whose crew intends to destroy the earth . together the two fight to survive as well as save their home planet . to make mst3k work , the film-within-the-film naturally has to be as horrible as possible , and although the tv-series introduced us to several worse films than this island earth , it's a bad enough flick to bring about some hysterical cruelty . mst3k , which doesn't actually contain the complete this island earth , is a short 73 minutes , but this is a step very wisely taken . as funny as some of their observations are , it can only go so long . occasional breaks from this island earth also help the film tremendously . although it takes a second to get back into the right mode after this premise has been left for a moment , it's better than overkilling the whole concept post haste . mst3k lovers will likely hail the film greatly , but if you don't know what you're in for , it could be a jarring disappointment . although i thought the sharp wit of this film was worth three stars , it is a movie to be seen on home video , late at night when your brain is not functioning to full capacity anyway , and with a large , saracastic crowd - new year's at midnight for example , which is when i saw it . warning : although mst3k has more to its end credits than most ( the three leads use the credits to poke some more fun ) , they are actually more annoying than most . the name slandering and asinine one-liners were extremely unfunny , and after laughing for about 70 minutes straight , it put a heavy damper on the overall experience . most people will likely stay to see what the smart-alec's have to say , but for me , it almost ruined an otherwise good film . 
produced , directed , and written by hayao miyazaki 1988 ( 1993 , american release ) , color , 87 minutes i'm an anime fan . yes , that's right , one of those people who religiously collects japanese animation by methods of sometimes dubious legality , huddles in dark screening rooms at science-fiction conventions to get my " fix , " complains prodigiously about dubs ( especially those from streamline ) , and is probably looked upon rather oddly by most of the people i know because of it . as i said , i tend to complain prodigiously about dubs , especially those done by streamline . as such , it's probably more than a little surprising to you that i'm rating this particular streamline dub so highly . i know it's damn * surprising to me . you see , streamline has this annoying little habit of * changing * the lines that they're supposed to be dubbing . the most notable example that comes to mind is when goemon the samurai cuts lupin's burning clothes off of him in the movie lupin iii : castle of cagliostro . in the original , he says afterward , " once again , i've cut a worthless object . " in the streamline dub , he says , " should've worn an asbestos suit . " and the president of streamline , carl macek , has stated that he will never subtitle any of his films . purist that i am , i find this kind of thing totally unacceptable , so i was , to say the least , highly dubious of totoro . what made the cagliostro dub all the more disappointing was the fact that the movie was one of my favorites in the subtitled format . it was a hayao miyazaki film , and miyazaki is my favorite anime creator . he's done some truly beautiful films--cagliostro , laputa : castle in the sky , kiki's delivery service , nausicaa of the valley of the wind , and my neighbor totoro , to name a few . it is sadly ironic that streamline got its hands on most of these , and thus no " decent " commercial version will ever be produced . anyway , enough streamline bashing ; that isn't the point of this review . as i've said , i was skeptical of totoro , even though some friends and acquaintances told me it was quite good . however , since miyazaki * is * my favorite director , i knew i would eventually have to see it . but as my concession to myself before seeing a streamline dub ( an act which tends to make me come away feeling rather dirty ) , i decided to obtain and view the fan-subtitled version first . thus , i watched the totoro fansub one night and the totoro commercial dubbed release the next . even though totoro is touted as a children's movie ( and a very good children's movie it is , too ) , is is a film that will likely enthrall and at the very least not bore ( or , for that matter , nauseate--barney , anyone ? ) any grown-ups who watch it too . the story is fairly simple--two young girls and their father move into a house in the japanese countryside to be closer to their hospitalized mother , and the girls meet and befriend the magical creatures that live in the forest nearby . but there's more to this film than that . my neighbor totoro gives us sort of a window into japanese culture , painting a picture of life amid the rice paddies that is filled with all the wonder and magic it has when seen through the eyes of a child . it's not my favorite miyazaki story , but i couldn't help but be entranced by its simple charm all the same . miyazaki always does that to me . one thing about miyazaki is that he likes to make references to other films . for example , in both laputa : castle in the sky and an episode of the " lupin " tv series that he directed , a robot is featured that looks remarkably similar to one from a 1930s fleischer superman short . in my neighbor totoro there are references to at least a couple of children's movies--namely , mary poppins and alice in wonderland . i had to smile . as i've said , i was quite skeptical up to the moment when i put the dub into the vcr and pressed play . my skepticism began its immediate decline when the opening theme began playing . as this is a children's movie , it was to be expected that the music would be translated into english , and i was half-expecting some sort of stupid kiddie song that would be entirely unrelated to the spirit of the original . but as soon as the theme began , my jaw dropped , for they had somehow managed to translate that song almost * excatly * . the english singer even sounded like the original japanese one ! and it was thus throughout the entire film . not only were the translations nearly flawless but even the voice-acting was dead-on ! my friend had said to me that the voices in the english version sounded just like the voices in the japanese version . and they did ! the translations were 98% accurate--even trivial lines that weren't important to the story were often rendered correctly . by the time the closing credits had rolled , i had realized that my fansubbed copy of this movie was going to be gathering a lot of dust . a brief summary of the most noticeable differences between the original and the dubbed versions : the opening and closing songs are in english , as i've said . the minor elements of buddhism ( the religion usually depicted in anime ) have been removed : where in the original the older sister prays at a shrine to let them take shelter from the rain there , she now asks , " would it be all right if we stay here ? " ; where an old lady was chanting a prayer to buddha she is now murmuring in the style of someone praying under her breath . the film has been pan-and-scanned , as well . one thing which particularly relieves me is that carl macek didn't pull any of his usual " hide-the-kanji-at-all-costs " tricks which so often make the opening credits of movies he dubs look like crud . ( in order to hide the japanese symbols in the castle of cagliostro opening credits , for example , he slowed down the opening animation and reframed parts of the picture , and it looked utterly disgusting . ) in the scenes where a bus's sign changes to indicate its destination , he dubbed in a voice ( provided , so i'm told , by carl himself ) that said , " next stop . . . " in one instance a subtitle is provided for translation . as many instances of kanji as there are in this film , i'm glad he didn't try to hide them this time . another thing which relieves me is that none of the names are changed . all the original japanese names are still used , and even pronounced properly , as far as i know ( i especially like the way the older sister pronounces " totoro " ) . this is one more element that adds to the general japanese ambiance of this movie . it makes me feel as though the characters actually * are * japanese , but i just happen to be able to understand them for some mysterious reason . very few dubs have ever done that for me . and now i've reached the point where , in summing up , i'm probably supposed to draw upon those phrases that have become cliches by virtue of repeated use in magazine movie reviews and inclusion on the backs of video boxes . things like " this is a magical film for all ages , " for example . but i'm not trying to advertise this movie ; it's not like i'm going to make money off of it or anything . so , i'll just sum up with a few observations , instead . this is one of very few dubs that i would not feel ashamed to show to other people . it maintains the integrity of the original almost to the last detail . the film itself is easily comparable to some of disney's best , with an attention to detail that disney sometimes lacks . if you're looking for something you can show the kiddies that won't have them karate-chopping around the house afterward , get my neighbor totoro . if you're a fan of good animation yourself , get my neighbor totoro . if nothing else , rental will only cost a buck or two , and trust me--the experience is more than worth it . ( this review is copyright 1995 by christopher e . meadows . distribution is okay as long as it's not for profit and this notice remains intact . distribution on cd-rom is verboten without chris's permission , however . ) 
directed by : david n . twohy written by : david n . twohy cast : charlie sheen ( zane ziminski ) , ron silver ( phil gordian ) , lindsay crouse ( ilana green ) , teri polo ( char ) , tony t . johnson ( kiki ) , richard schiff ( calvin leon rippy ) produced by : orion films rating :  run time : approx . 115 minutes despite having charlie sheen as its lead ( with a goatee , no less , and as a radio astronomer . eww ! ) and a tacky environmental message , the arrival is a nicely paced movie with good special effects that don't yell " big budget " in your face the whole time you're watching it . sheen plays zane ziminski , an obsessive paranoic scientist who along with his partner ( richard schiff ) records a clear radio transmission from space one night . despite initial rejoicing , things don't develop the way you'd expect when the authorities receive evidence of this transmission . ziminski gets fired , his partner gets killed and suddenly the whole world's just a heck of a lot more complicated for ziminski than he likes . it's hard to say what else happens without giving everything away . trying to track and reconfirm the same signal he received , ziminski builds a makeshift satellite while masquerading as a cable man ( i guess there are more than just movie stars on cable vision ! ) , and his discoveries soon lead him to an ominous-looking plant in mexico . there he meets an environmentalist whose work is increasingly troubling in its extraordinary reports on the earth's atmostphere . the story probably sounds a little cliched , but the arrival is a better movie than usual , and recent , alien fare like independence day , or species . this is because it develops , and keeps to , an almost believable storyline , one that engages the viewer continually as it reveals information in various steps throughout the movie . director twohy , who was a screenwriter for alien 3 and the fugitive , also does a good job of building and maintaining suspense , preferring wisely not to just rely on the special effects team for impressing its audience . all in all , i'd say this movie's worth its s$7 ticket . hey , anything that makes me want to watch it through despite having charlie sheen in its lead role is worth seven bucks . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . this movie review was written for the flying inkpot : an arts and entertainment magazine from singapore . current film reviews can be found at :  " http : //www . inkpot . com/film/ 
virtual reality is a topic that has almost defined its own genre . since 'dark city' ( 1998 ) , films about alternative universes and parallel worlds have been coming one after another . the most popular and original of them all has been the matrix . all the films released after it , have been less successful . david cronenberg's existenz , released only a couple of months after the matrix , was accepted and even appreciated ( by some ) , but the hype was gone . and when 'the thirteenth floor' aired this fall , it was completely overseen and ignored . i admit that this issue has become something between tiring and annoying , feeling like eating the same meal over and over again . it was therefore i was less than excited , when i went out to see to 'the thirteenth floor' . however , i was positively surprised by josef rusnak's latest picture . matrix was an entertaining thrill ride through dreams and reality , combining the best of hollywood's action and effects with an intelligent story . existenz was a violent , gory and unsettling journey through reality and virtual reality , ending in blood and madness . 'the thirteenth floor' is somewhere in between . instead of going after the crowds - the action audience ( like the matrix ) , or aiming at the horror fans ( like existenz ) , 'the thirteenth floor' presents a more intelligent plot , witch will provide a less entertaining and more serious experience , that the true science fiction lovers will find rewarding . in a near future . . . on the thirteenth floor of a classified building , a genius scientist , hannon fuller , has created a simulated world , his personal dreamworld , where every inhabitant is a complex , selflearning program that only believes it is real . right after the first testing of this world , fuller ( ) is found murdered . douglas hall ( ) , his closest friend and business partner , immediately becomes the prime suspect and must enter through the thirteenth floor in search of the truth . a beautiful woman ( gretchen mol ) who suddenly appears on the scene may hold the key to the mystery , which might unravel the horrifying truth about his own existence . the first " download into simulation " is impressive . it is the creator's first visit to his world , his creation . in order to enter this virtual universe , you have to take over someone's identity , become another person . this is called conciseness transfer , and this is part of the tragedy in the film : people " wake up " in unknown places and strange things start happen . they start to doubt in their own sanity . these innocent people pay for the mistakes of their " users " and creators with their sanity and their lives . it is a frightening reality ; the fact that all the people in the simulation ( the program links ) are living out their lives , oblivious , not knowing that they are puppets in someone's fantasy . with an appealing ( " blade runner " - type ) of detective story , this film presents the beauty and possibilities of virtual reality and the lurking danger that is always present . our modern world is metal and glass -- cold , unfriendly , impersonal . the thirties are different -- colorful , beautiful , elegant , virile . this contrast demonstrates a wish for change . virtual reality is here portrayed as a magical , enchanting power that seduces you into its endless possibilities . to some it is just a journey to their personal paradise , to some a personal playground -- a life without any consequences . for others - a way to start over and " correct " their mistakes , by living in an illusion of their past . virtual reality is a wizard that transforms your hopes , dreams and fantasies to life . at least that's how it is all beginning . but when you're waking up from your dream , the real world seems worthless and unreal and all you can think off is returning to your personal paradise . this , almost narcotic effect , soon turns into confusion and ultimately madness . some important and interesting philosophical questions are raised -- what is real ? what is thought ? who are we ? if these were answered , this film would be the greatest science fiction ever made . they are off course not answered , but posed in an intelligent manner . the visual aspect of the film is one of the key elements , since it portrays the contrast between these computer-simulated universes . kirk m . petrucelli has done a marvelous job with the recreation of the thirties with its glamour , grace and color ; and setting this world in opposition to our own -- an almost caricatured recreation of the nineties . there are some honest and decent performances by an almost unknown cast and harald klose's moody musical score that is at in right place at the right time . a rather unusual thing about'the thirteenth floor' is the almost complete lack of special effects . there are no cgi animated creatures , no bullets in slow motion . this is a more philosophical approach , reminding about the european way of filmmaking . this is off course a major disappointment to the audience that is used to endless gunfights and mutated amphibians , but the more serious science fiction buffs and 'dark city'-fans will be pleased . this film is interesting and inspiring . it has everything existenz doesn't , but it lacks the immediacy and intensity of the matrix . and then there is a happy end which , like in 'dark city' , completely alienates it from the rest of the story and context . the plot itself is not as original as the filmmakers want us to think , since they have virtually sucked out all information from the best science fiction classics , including blade runner and 'dark city' . with this in mind , 'the thirteenth floor' doesn't make an oscar candidate or a film that will be remembered a year from now , yet this is a beautiful , elegant and intelligent take on virtual reality . 
one of the most entertaining james bond films from the roger moore era , the spy who loved me is probably the biggest budget bond movie , with huge sets and props as well as some blockbuster action scenes . and how can you not like a movie that co- stars ringo's wife , barbara bach , and features a non-stop disco version of the traditional series score ? it's a globe-trotting action movie that has bond and mrs . starr , a beautiful russian spy , teaming up to end spectre's latest threat . this time , it's a madman who kidnaps two nuclear submarines , one russian and one american . his plan is to destroy the civilized world as we know it and begin an underwater society . this is somebody who went a little too far after seeing the little mermaid . i know the shell bra is a real turn-on , but give me a break . the bond formula works especially well here . even though the omnipresent disco score becomes annoying and the ski slope chase scene at the beginning is blue screen technology at its worst , there are still more than enough gadgets , explosions , chases , etc . to make up . and as usual , bond's three-woman quota is reached with a little help from mrs . starr , who also makes the movie a standout in the series . most of the beautiful women from the 70's were hidden behind the ugly bell-bottoms and poofy hair , which makes bach's straight-haired , smartly-dressed agent xxx a welcome exception . i'd have to say ringo starr is the luckiest bastard on earth . first his talentless self got to be in the greatest rock and roll band ever , then he married one of the hottest ladies of the 70's , now he gets to eat his pizza _crust first_ ! we should all be so fortunate . visit the movie critic at large website at http : //www . missouri . edu/~c667778/movies . html 
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one . the screenplay , written by co-star steve martin , skewers everything in hollywood from cheesy science-fiction movies to chop-socky fight sequences , and all in a crafty and accomplished manner . anyone who knows of , or has had any association with movie-making should thoroughly enjoy this clever comedy for it's entire duration . the central premise behind the film is an inspired and promising one . bobby bowfinger ( martin ) , a cheapskate and small-time hollywood producer , has always dreamed of making a successful motion picture but has never attained the proper tools to do so . a new script , an alien invasion story entitled chubby rain , has caught bowfinger's eye . after confronting a big-name producer named jerry renfro ( robert downey jr . ) in a restaurant , an agreement is made to finance the movie . but first , bowfinger must get renowned action star kit ramsey ( eddie murphy ) to sign in on the project . kit turns the offer down immediately , but bowfinger still has the intent to shoot the film . after emptying out his life savings , the hapless producer tells the remaining cast and crew that ramsey is involved , and then prepares to film the movie without the star's knowledge . the actors confront ramsey on the street , saying their lines as hidden cameras peek through bushes to capture the footage . the unknowing star , who is terrified of aliens and being abducted , is brought to believe there is actually pod people after him . when the conditions become even more treacherous , bowfinger is forced to hire a kit ramsey look-alike named jiff ( also murphy ) , a sweet-natured dork who runs for coffee in-between shooting vital scenes . these include attempting a suicide run across an 8-lane freeway , and one of the `hot' scenes involving supporting actress daisy ( heather graham ) removing her blouse . bowfinger takes it's sweet time getting started , but when the plot switches into high gear , great things happen . certain scenes are so precisely executed , perfectly framing moments that are absolutely fall-down funny . no , hilarious . standouts include the chase through a parking garage in which ramsey , who's supposed to be being followed , keeps checking behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise ( it's actually bowfinger's dog in high heels ) . and just try not to laugh in the climactic kung-fu sequence , featuring jiff in an excerpt from another bowfinger classic entitled fake purse ninjas . while the entire 97-minutes of bowfinger isn't always on target , individual scenes may have you rolling in the aisles . masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin's sharp-edged script . however , the real on-screen star is eddie murphy . this is the actor's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80's . murphy excels at every corner , not only succeeding with presenting believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey , but in creating a likable buffoon in jiff as well . these three talented comic minds have squeezed every morsel of potential out of this premise , and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs . steve martin generates the power behind bowfinger , but murphy fuels it . this is a summer-time comedy that , unlike something such as american pie and south park , doesn't break any rules . but it's still just as uproarious , or perhaps even more side-splitting than anything we've seen this season . the supporting cast , including christine baranski as a work-loving actress and jamie kennedy as the cameraman , all perform well within their limits . the only presence that demands real attention when placed next to martin or murphy is the beautiful heather graham , as the young film star who has plans to sleep her way to the top . graham , attempting to further her stardom after appearing as the new powers' girl in ap2 , displays a cheerful but naive persona that nicely corresponds with the wackiness of the screenplay . i wouldn't be caught dead buying a ticket for chubby rain , but watching how it all came about is certainly entertaining enough . 
capsule : russ meyer's most popular movie hasn't dated badly , and it serves as the best introduction to the mammary-mad director . i wasn't too sure what to think when john waters raved in his memoirs that faster , pussycat ! was " the best film ever made " . chalk that up to waters' love of high-trash cinema , i guess . exactly how much credit , and for what , to give to meyer is a seriously debatable question . one thing i don't doubt was that he made a campy , magnetic , high-energy movie that hasn't dated all that badly -- much better than many of the other movies he made at the time . ( and because all the eroticism is implied , that makes it only smuttier and therefore more fascinating . ) faster , pussycat ! gives us three go-go dancers who head out into the desert to race their cars . ( i couldn't help thinking that meyer would have had endless fun with a scene where one of them explains her ambitions to eventually enter law school , making love to a support pillar during the whole conversation . ) after meeting up with a whitebread-innocent couple , varla ( tura satana ) gets fed up with being one-upped , and kills the guy with a few well-placed karate blows . they kidnap the girl and keep her sedated while trying to figure out what to do next -- although it sort of hits them over the head : at a gas station , they learn than a weird old cripple and his sons live in the area , harboring a massive fortune . no prizes for guessing what happens next . the movie's loaded with things that have since become pop-cinema staples : bizarre camera angles and editing , improbable character pairings , bizarre fights . one of the most memorable scenes has satana vs . one of the old man's sons . she's trying to run him into a wall with her speedster , and he's holding her car at bay with his bare hands , the wheels digging a huge ditch . satana's idea of karate has nothing on jackie chan , but it's not hard to see how a woman using violence against a man in the late sixties , on-screen , could be construed as * really * shocking . she isn't flashy ; she's trying to do damage . she means business . as the model ( or at least the center of inspiration ) for the rest of the women in the film , tura satana eats up the screen without even trying . she reminds me of the extremely fetishistic , almost representational ways women are depicted in x-rated japanese manga : gigantic chest , mask-like face , drill-instructor's voice . she reportedly received a deluge of fan mail after the movie came out , mostly from men who either wanted to marry her or be flogged by her . most of the reason you can't look away from the screen is her , and it's not because she's attractive , or even sexy . she's terrifying , especially when meyer shoves the camera down on the desert floor , somewhere between her toes , and has her stare down at us . what we wind up with , incredibly , is probably the wellspring of almost every butch-femme empowerment image . i'm not sure madonna or pat califa would exist as we know them , without something like faster , pussycat ! as part of the ambient background noise in american culture . then again , maybe i'm crediting him with too much . but then i watched ralph fiennes get the cheese kicked out of him by a green-haired punk girl in strange days , and thought : maybe too much credit isn't nearly enough ! -----== posted via deja news , the leader in internet discussion ==----- http : //www . dejanews . com/ now offering spam-free web-based newsreading 
starring devon sawa , ali larter , kerr smith , kristen cloke , seann william scott , and tony todd . directed by james wong written by glen morgan , jeffrey reddick , and james wong even if i did not know that director and co-writers james wong and jeffrey reddick of the creepy final destination helped create the hit television show the x-files , i would have inevitably made a connection . the similarities are very apparent from the inexplicable phenomenon- like plot , to the mysterious characters , to the overall dark , ominous settings . it would have been perfectly fitting to see fbi agents mulder and scully investigate this case , they witness stuff like this on a weekly basis ( in fact mulder and scully would have been a much more welcome change to the bland one dimensional fbi agents seen in this movie ) . another more important similarity , is that both succeed in entertaining and thrilling at the same time . this is a great accomplishment for a teen horror movie , especially when compared to some of the trash , of the same genre , released in the last couple of years ( urban legend and i still know what you did last summer are classic examples from the bunch ) . what helps final destination is its unique premise . unlike your average horror flick in which some invincible psycho with a knife chases blonde cheerleaders , the villain presented is unusual , it's the grim reaper . this being already has predestined when and how you will die . according to the brief history lesson given in this film , everyone was meant to die at a certain time , some people at 100 , others at 17 , whatever death chooses . what is unique about death is that it's already dead , so you can't really kill it . the only way to defeat death is to cheat it ; the question is how do you do that ? this dilemma is what faces alex and a group of teenagers . alex has been having some dreams that the airplane which will take his class on a trip to paris will crash , leaving no survivors . alex begins to realize that his dreams are a little too real and eventually gets himself and six others kicked off the plane right before it takes off . shortly after , the plane does indeed crash leaving some of the seven survivors confused and others feeling immortal . however , death isn't through with them yet . it gradually kills off the seven one by one , leaving those currently still alive frantically trying to trick death again . the plot allows for some of the most creative , original death scenes i have seen in a while . some scenes build up the perfect amount of tension until an elaborate climax , others are so unexpected they will leave your jaw wide open in shock . creativity and originality are two adjectives lacking in most horror films nowadays but final destination is not like most horror films . sure , it has your traditional share of jerks and outsiders ( ali larter's character is particularly annoying ) , but the shocks , from the beginning to the end , are extremely entertaining . also director wong has the sense not to take the movie too seriously . he knows its just another entertaining guilty pleasure that won't win any academy awards ( not even a golden globe ) . the myriad of inside jokes and gags ( the characters are named after famous horror directors , one character who plays a jerk is named carter , like x-files creator chris carter , and a song by john denver , who died in a plane crash , plays whenever death is near ) show this movie is a bunch of guys having a good time making a movie . and from this , i had a great time watching the movie . 
release date : december 11 , 1998 starring : ian bannen , david kelly , fionnula flanagan , susan lynch , james nesbitt , james ryland , eileen dromey , jimmy keogh directed by : kirk jones distributed by : fox searchlight pictures / 20th century fox films corp . mpaa rating : pg ( nudity , language , thematic elements ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1998/waking . htm earlier this year , the movie holy man opened to a meager box office receipt and to indifference from audiences and critics . a real charmer of a movie , it's possible that the subject matter was too hip or trendy to attract any real audience . now , at the end of 1998 , comes waking ned devine , a comedy which inspires the same vein of easygoing laughter . there's no substantial difference between the two other than a more refined atmosphere -- they strike all the same chords -- but still , ned devine is a movie worth seeing . the plot is interesting and robust : the latest lottery winner is ned devine ( jimmy keogh ) , of tullymore , ireland . ned's prize is over six million pounds , but the shock of winning killed the poor old man , and the check remains unclaimed . enter jackie o'shea ( ian bannen ) and michael o'sullivan ( david kelly ) , the only two residents who are aware the winner is in their village . the two men eventually find the ticket , and decide that if michael can convince the lotto authorities that he's actually ned , the entire town can reap the benefits ; their only adversary is an ancient old woman ( eileen dromey ) who sees more profit in reporting the fraud . ian bannen and david kelly truly shine as jackie and michael . jackie , stocky and large , is the brains behind the operation ; michael , scrawny and short , is the method man . the two contrast each other delightfully , and at the same time remain sympathetic to the audience . every viewer is sure to like both of them . there are other minor subplots included as well , such as an unlikely romance between a local girl and the town pig farmer . this appears quite inconsequential until the end , and even with a startling revelation it's a tad bit unnecessary . overall , waking ned devine has a predictable outcome , and plot twists are never really taken seriously . the ending , a very hilarious and very ironic twist of fate , somehow fits with the twisted sense of humor the movie exhibits throughout . the kirk jones script is indeed off-the-cuff . in a way , waking ned devine is exactly like the class of people it presents : warm , friendly , outgoing , and jovial . it's the perfect kind of comedy , a real gem of a tale that sets up a trivial plot outline by which to introduce a sympathetic cast of characters and a string of jokes . there's nothing remotely serious or grounded for more than a moment or two , because the spirit of ned devine is a lighthearted one . indeed , it's one of the year's best feel-good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss . 
an american rhapsody offers us an example of teen acting gone marvelously right . as a 15-year-old who wants to rediscover her hungarian roots , scarlett johansson portrays the thrill and frustration of being a teenager so perfectly that i don't ever want her to grow up . and her voice , with its cracked rage , only makes her desire to get control in her life sound more convincing . when johansson ( ghost world ) is on screen , an american rhapsody has a riveting passion and dramatic urgency that is found nowhere else in the movie , which is based on director/screenwriter's éva gárdos life . johansson's character , suzanne , is left behind in hungary as an infant when her family stealthily moves to america circa 1950 . six years later , the young suzanne is finally brought to america , where she joins her parents , margit and peter ( nastassja kinski and tony goldwyn ) and her older sister ( mae whitman ) . however , suzanne is torn away from the parents ( zsuzsa czinkóczi and balázs galkó ) of a family friend who nurtured and protected her from government suspicion . suzanne has trouble fitting in with a world of hula-hoops and hamburgers , running away several times . at 15 , she is still fleeing , only this time to smoke cigarettes , make out , and dabble in other forms of teenage rebellion . this doesn't sit well with margit , who soon results to locking suzanne in her bedroom . when suzanne finds a shotgun in her closet and starts blasting away at her locked bedroom door , she decides that a trip to hungary will set things straight . until johansson appears , the proceedings dawdle . gárdos , a longtime film editor , spends too much time setting up the movie's powerful final stretch . a fascinating array of characters gets left in limbo , and a load of potential powerhouse dramatic moments get ignored . margit , who has come from an obviously wealthy upbringing , finds herself working as a waitress and writing letters to anyone who could bring suzanne to america . peter , who dreams of running a publishing house in america , ends up building airplanes . gárdos doesn't show how the couple reacted to such a sudden social shift without their little girl . there had to be nights of terse bedroom conversations , quiet sobbing and reassurances . and what about margit's mother ( ágnes bánfalvy ) , who spends time in prison for protecting her family , including suzanne ? late in the movie , she tells suzanne she endured the time behind bars by thinking of fairy tales to tell her grandchildren . with a more experienced director ( this is gardos' feature film directing debut ) , the possibilities for showing the grandmother's distraction could have been fascinating . the movie works best when johansson is onscreen . scenes involving the six-year-old suzanne ( kelly endresz-banlaki ) are also wonderful . there's not an ounce of stage mother gusto in her performance . and gardos does craft some nice moments in her film where the pursuit of the american dream tears at your roots . a scene when endresz-banlaki calls kinski " lady " as she's tucked in is hard to forget . most of the movie , unfortunately , lacks emotional power . america is a nation of immigrants -- we all know stories of how our families made sacrifices to get here . in a movie about immigrants' pluck and grit , a director can't just focus on a settling story . we've heard that before . he or she must take pains to hit on a human level . gardos sporadically does that in an american rhapsody , but fortunately there's enough evidence here to support she will be more accurate in the future . 
driving miss daisy takes its sweet time to tell a small , intimate story . it's a quiet film , a slow film , a deliberate film . but if you're patient with it , the movie offers innumerable rewards , such as a pair of self-assured performances by morgan freeman and jessica tandy . driving miss daisy is based on alfred uhry's pulitzer-prize winning play of the same name , which first opened in new york four years ago . the play has garnered international acclaim with productions in chicago , los angeles , london , vienna , norway , and the soviet union . uhry himself wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation of driving miss daisy ; he also penned the wonderful sleeper , mystic pizza . the film , like the play , is set in atlanta , georgia , and it revolves around two people in their twilight years : a cranky , 70-something jewish widow who feels guilty about her wealth and a 60-something black man who becomes her chauffeur . the movie relies on character , rather than plot , to propel the action . in fact , the movie has no discernible plot in the traditional sense ; it doesn't present a linear story in which all the scenes flow together . rather , driving miss daisy is made up of the routine activities of everyday life : shopping , listening to the radio , visiting the cemetery , eating fried chicken , and so on . the film also incorporates into the story line actual events in atlanta's history , including the 1958 bombing of the temple ( the city's oldest jewish congregation ) and a 1965 ceremony honoring the reverend dr . martin luther king , jr . the story begins in 1948 with daisy ( tandy ) crashing and wrecking her packard as she pulls out of her driveway . the insurance company cancels her insurance , and her son , boolie , decides to hire her a chauffeur . freeman , reprising his role from the play , plays the chauffeur , hoke . the film chronicles the warm friendship that slowly but surely blossoms between the chauffeur and his reluctant passenger . driving miss daisy is a movie about human nature , aging , prejudice , and a great many other things , but more than anything it's about a relationship : one that spans 25 years , 4 cars , the advent of civil rights , and one gravely important 33 cent can of salmon . daisy is strong-willed and set in her ways , and , from the outset , she is utterly opposed to the idea of having a chauffeur . initially , she treats hoke with contempt , refusing to let him drive her anywhere . once she does get in the car , daisy is the ultimate back-seat driver . to make matters worse , she is extremely self-conscious about what others might think if they were to see her being escorted around town by a hired hand . eventually , however , daisy is worn down by hoke's good-natured charm and infectious cheer ; she softens and opens up to him . tandy plays the part of daisy exceedingly well , but unfortunately this feisty , cantankerous character is just a smidgen too commonplace . we've seen this woman countless times before in other incarnations , from on golden pond to cocoon . nevertheless , tandy manages to put enough of a personal stamp on the familiar character to make it her own . freeman , as hoke , on the other hand , gives the more distinctive of the two performances . there is something profoundly moving about the way hoke maintains his pride and dignity in a society which forbids him from using public rest rooms because of his skin color . hoke is uneducated and illiterate , but freeman always suggests that there is something more to this man , an inner strength beneath the simpleton exterior . both freeman and tandy seem to be in their element , in full command of their natural charisma . they flirt with the camera and dominate scenes without overtly calling attention to themselves . they bring a light touch to their humorous banter and to the movie's gentle humor . at the same time , tandy and freeman provide more than a few moments of truly poignant drama . in his first dramatic role , dan aykroyd is surprisingly chubby and unexpectedly effective as boolie , tandy's loving and patient son . drama seems to agree with aykroyd ; taking a break from comedy seems like a good move for the actor , especially when you consider the wretched comedies he has made recently ( ghostbusters ii , the great outdoors , my stepmother is an alien ) . the only other significant characters in the film are daisy's housekeeper , idella , marvelously played by esther rolle ( " good times " ) , and boolie's pretentious wife , played by patti lupone . under the direction of bruce beresford ( crimes of the heart , tender mercies ) , driving miss daisy seems a bit stagey now and again . but fortunately , beresford never forgets he's shooting a movie , and accordingly , he offers plenty of striking cinematic touches , such as gorgeous shots of flowers , trees , and tomatoes . in adapting driving miss daisy from the stage to the screen , the filmmakers have achieved a delicate subtlety . uhry understands that what his characters do not say can be just as important as what they do say . beresford wisely exercises restraint in the film's dramatic moments . the movie tugs at your heart , but it never goes for the jugular . the only sap in driving miss daisy is in the trees . 
screenplay by joe eszterhas . based on a novel by ira levin . directed by philip noyce . starring sharon stone , william baldwin , tom berenger , martin landau . unrated version ( contains nudity , violence , and profanity ) 108 mins . synopsis : carly , a divorced , unhappy , 35-year-old book editor who must work with intensely annoying , sex-starved judy , moves into a dream apartment where she meets an elderly , lonely professor and a has-been novelist who likes to scare jogging women in central park . carly then begins an affair with a young technogeek while a bunch of people are murdered in the apartment building and someone watches it all with video cameras . comments : three stars may be giving sliver a little more credit than it deserves . it's a big-budget turkey slammed by many critics when it was first released , i won't deny . despite its many faults , however , sliver does warrant a second look . how do i come to that conclusion ? though it is sometimes compared to rear window ( and i do see the resemblance ) , sliver's plot still strikes me as unique . in fact , the interesting plot makes one want the movie to be better than it really is . i have never read a novel by ira levin ( who wrote the book from which this film is based ) , but levin's work has provided the basis for a number of classic science fiction and horror movies over the years , most notably rosemary's baby and the stepford wives and its inevitable sequels . sliver deals with a dark subject , voyeurism , and the chilling possibilities open to a voyeur with developing technologies . allow me to suggest , for a moment , something which i rarely see suggested about sliver . yes , it is obviously an erotic thriller ( sharon stone strips naked frequently and makes out with william baldwin while a murderer runs around cancelling out his victims ) , but it is also a science fiction film . good science fiction often takes a part ( a sliver , if you'll accept a bad pun ) of modern day society and exaggerates it . in sliver , the apartment's owner secretly installs video cameras in every room of the building for the express purpose of spying on his tenants . sitting in an enclosed room , he watches over these people as if he were god . two walls of television sets , a giant tv in the center , a computer console , and a remote control make up the majority of his equipment , which apparently set him back 6 million dollars . he can zoom in and out on everyone , and record anything which goes on . this massive invasion of privacy is frightening when thought about ( imagine every moment in every day of your life being secretly filmed ) , and it is here where a major motif of science fiction resides : the dangers of emerging technologies put to unethical use . the novelty of the storyline , however , does not excuse joe eszterhas's weak screenplay . sliver is riddled with poor dialogue . granted , poor dialogue can sometimes be unintentionally funny , but in sliver's case , eszterhas tries to be clever and funny intentionally . the lines , therefore , only end up receiving groans from the audience . carly and another tenant discuss moving in an early scene , for example , and the tenant says moving is " worse than anal intercourse . " they share a chuckle . the audience doesn't . or , how about this for awful ? judy , the most annoying coworker to ever stumble into a movie ( get down on your knees and * pray * you never have to work with someone like judy ) , suggests " pearl jam [is] some sort of oriental sex thing . " ugh ! another criticism of sliver is that it moves too slowly during the first half . to be honest , i'm not sure if the screenwriter or the director is at fault , or if the reason lies in the fact that i'm reviewing the unrated version over the r-rated theatrical version ( from my estimate , though , only about a minute was added to the unrated version ) . carly's introductions to the main characters feel contrived , and her " steamy " scenes both with zeke hawkins ( baldwin ) and without are drawn out much longer than they need to be . for an erotic thriller , sliver possesses a very talented and experienced cast of actors . sharon stone . . . well , she's sharon stone , and she delivers what you'd expect to see after her career-making performance in basic instinct . william baldwin looks like a geeky freak , which is good considering the sleazy character he plays , and he turns in a goofy but enjoyable performance . veteran actors tom berenger and martin landau seem to make the best out of their characters ( they really aren't offered much thanks to the script ) . i cannot conclude this review without mentioning the music . i don't normally have much to say about a film's score or songs , but sliver effectively uses a number of dance standards during several key sequences . most notably , enigma's " carly's loneliness " and ub40's " can't help falling in love " appear a number of times and serve as fitting themes for carly and zeke respectively . sliver certainly has its faults : a slow first half , bad dialogue , and , at times , annoying characters ( judy , for instance ) . however , a strong concept , a mostly solid cast , and some well-chosen music almost saves it from being a turkey and at least makes the film watchable . the r-rated version may flow a little quicker than the unrated version reviewed here ( i saw the r-rated version in the theater when it first came out , so it's been way too long for me to confidently compare the two ) . sliver also has one of the more memorable endings to a thriller that i've ever seen , which is a definate plus because i usually find the conclusions to thrillers cliched and disappointing . some people i know who have seen this turkey hate it , but i really don't think it's all * that * bad . i'd give it a passing recommendation , but keep in mind that it's certainly not family viewing . 
 cast : john turturro ( herbie stempel ) , rob morrow ( dick goodwin ) , ralph fiennes ( charles van doren ) , paul scofield ( mark van doren ) , david paymer ( dan enright ) , hank azaria ( albert freedman ) director : robert redford certification : pg-13 ( usa ) for language year of production : 1994 academy award nominations : best picture , best director ( redford ) , best supporting actor ( scofield ) , best adapted screenplay ( paul attanasio ) quiz show , an almost perfectly accurate true story , is based upon the events of the popular television show of the mid-50's , " twenty-one " . on this trivial game show , contestants were placed in isolation booths and then answered questions corresponding to a category of their choice , on which they wagered an amount of points on . the game went on until a player reached twenty one points on felt they had earned enough points to win . but , after ratings began to fall when players were struggling to break the zero mark , the producers decided to fix the game by giving the answers to a contestant before the game began . quiz show illustrates the true stories of two particular contestants , herbie stempel and charles van doren . stempel ( john turturro ) , a former g . i . and your jewish man raising a family . stempel has been the reigning champion on " twenty-one " for many weeks and has accumulated thousands of dollars . in his mind , he is the best thing on television and the people love him . although , in the mind of the show's producers , herbie stempel is getting old . dan enright ( david paymer ) , in particular , feels that the people are tired of seeing a " jewish guy from queens with bad teeth " and that the kids need someone better to look up to . therefore , they need to find another contestant whom would be a worthy role model and the people will look up to and cheer to win . someone who can defeat stempel , even if they have to resort to cheating . enter charles van doren ( ralph fiennes ) , a well-educated professor from a widely recognized family . van doren had decided to try out for the game show " tic tac dough " because his friends thought he would be good at that sort of thing . but when albert freedman ( hank azaria ) , enright's assistant , spots van doren , the two decide that they have found their soon-to-be-ruler of the " twenty-one " kingdom . van doren is not too keen on the idea of receiving the answers ahead of time , so enright tells stempel that he is going to give the wrong answer , on purpose , in order to lose the game . after stempel loses the " throne " to van doren , he starts to feel cheated ( which he should ) . meanwhile , on his own , dick goodwin ( rob morrow ) , a harvard law graduate , has decided to start an investigation on " twenty-one " to try and find out if there have been any wrongdoings . his investigation yields shocking results and leads to a trial for enright and the others involved . quiz show is an extremely well done movie , and robert redford's direction is especially superb . the performances turned in by john turturro , ralph fiennes , and rob morrow are very good , although it seems that turturro stands out more than any . quiz show is also very precise when it comes to explicating the true events that inspired the film . definitely a film you should not miss .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
my first thought was , " oh god , another one of those pretentious foreign art house sex films . " the opening shot features one of those busy parisian streets , the locals hustling by in a blur of slow motion . this city tells a thousand stories , my friends , and an affair of love is one of them . as if to add insult to injury , our first actual scenes are of the woman ( nathalie baye , day for night ) and man ( sergi lópez ) after the affair , being interviewed by some off-screen voice . it's very when harry met sally , only with the added layer of being french lovers talking about their passionate encounters . hoo boy , this is gonna be a long road , isn't it ? we learn that the woman placed an ad in a magazine . of all the potential candidates , this man seemed the most interesting . he's handsome in a boyish sort of way , seemingly affable if slightly dorky . she's a little older than he is , more world-wise , more open to experience and experiment . they don't tell each other their names , ages , professions , where they live . it was meant to be nothing personal . after the round of interview footage , affair goes back in time to their first encounter at a cafe . she's already booked a room . through a series of nervous false starts , they make it through a halting conversation . at the hotel , it seems an eternity for the desk clerk to ring up the man's credit card , then they take the long walk up the stairs and down the hallway , through the bright red door . it suddenly dawned on me that perhaps half an hour had gone by in the blink of an eye . i was utterly enthralled by every small nuance of this encounter , every beat of silence . nathalie baye's face is lined with age . perhaps she's in her mid-40s , but very fit for a woman who might have mothered children . her eyes flicker and dance , but she's not the type to give much away . bright , courteous , sexually open - she's interesting even though we know very little about her . all we can tell , as the man freely admits , is that she's a real woman . in today's age where attractive girls are all models and pin-ups , this film finds beauty in the normal lady walking down the street . sergi lópez makes for a nice foil . he's a little tubby and hairy , but he doesn't take himself too seriously . he has friendly , soft eyes , and a mouth which is quick to smile . at the first meeting , he's perhaps a little more nervous than she . he does order a cognac to brace himself . their first sexual encounter , which is built up to so vividly , remains behind closed doors . maybe that's as it should be . for a film about sex , there isn't very much of it shown during the film . in a way , this makes it all the sweeter as we watch them during their second meeting at the cafe . once more we don't see their amour . after the hotel , that second time , the man works up the courage to ask her to dinner later that night . on they go , never learning where the other lives . they keep much as a mystery from each other , but reveal enough to keep us interested . maybe that's the nature of affairs , especially sexual ones . the secrets . the film runs a little over ninety minutes . it's never dull . i could have done without the frequent voice-overs , which run over scenes where i might have preferred to hear the naturalistic dialogue between the lovers . i'm also no big fan of self-conscious " interview " footage , which only served to make me wonder how the documentarian tracked them down . these faults , while glaring , are forgiven because the rest of the film feels so alluring , so sexy and smart . they meet , they talk , they make love and , slowly , grow closer . there are many scenes where they talk frankly about sex . as for the actual onscreen lovemaking , it is kept to a minimum , but there's a startling scene midway which has them in bed slowly working their way toward orgasm . this is not the sex of hollywood gloss , or even of art house decadence , or even of pornography . sex in american films is either a marathon , a farce , a music video , or a tragedy . an affair of love is all of the above , only less self-important . it's insubstantial , but that's pretty much the point . they only had what they had and the rest is in their memories . so it is for the viewer , too . maybe it's only worth a rental , but that's more than what you'd expect walking in . 
jamaica is a hot vacation spot . the exchange rate encourages delusions of wealth ( approximately 30 jamaican dollars to one american ) , the sea is a brilliant blue , the air is warm but lacks humidity . and as tourism is unfortunately jamaica's biggest trade , foreigners enter and leave with a sense of relaxation . life and debt takes a brassy look at life inside this impoverished country . while normal documentaries take the sally struthers approach of underlying scenes of starving children with tearful music , this film guides the viewer with a sarcastic voiceover that brings the troubles home without begging tears to the surface . the voiceover is written by acclaimed author jamaica kincaid . it guides the audience along a tourist's journey and the story of the native inhabitants . instead of telling you what you are already seeing on screen , it quips , " you don't see what happens after you flush the toilet . " this engages a viewer to see and think about devastation instead of merely being told it is there . this strong , sparse storytelling approach runs throughout the film . stephanie black is also intelligent in how she chooses to disclose the problems faced by the locals . this isn't just another talking head show of people moaning about their horrible lot in life . people are interviewed from all sectors of occupation , from field to factory , as well as social theorists and the banking organizations that continue to invest in the country . the variety of discussion perpetuates a compelling internal dialogue with any viewer , whether they are seeing jamaica for the first time or not . of course , as can be expected , the united states is slammed , owing to its involvement with the international monetary fund and the world bank . officials look moronic as they explain why their plans for jamaica's economy will help the country back on its feet , but only if they are willing to follow the advice word for word . the next moment we see why and how each of these initiatives has failed , usually due to imports being cheaper than local labor or whether or not the soil is appropriate for the next agricultural trend the u . s . is forcing on the citizens . admittedly , some of the back and forth between the business-minded organizations and the failures they produce gets repetitive , but it also drives home the impact ignorance can have on both sides of an international argument . but jamaica isn't against the united states , and this documentary does not accuse the u . s . of being the sole perpetrator of its grief . if anything , it begs for a better understanding of the nature of jamaican society before stepping in to change it based on foreign regulations . 
starring david arquette , neve campbell , courtney cox , drew barrymore , skeet ulrich , jamie kennedy , rose mcgowan , matthew lillard , w . earl brown , henry winkler , live schreiber , and linda blair . when i first heard about scream in 1996 , i was told that it was a spoof of horror movies . from the master of the horror himself , wes craven , it ridiculed the cliches of the genre by overemphasizing them , by making the teenagers do what they know they're not supposed to do when a serial killer is stalking them ( don't run up the stairs when you can easily go out the front door , never say " i'll be right back , " etc . ) . when i first heard this description , i figured that it was an easy way out of making a bad movie . how hard is it to make an extremely terrible film but claim it is actually a mockery of other bad movies . was this wes craven's remedy from making " real " bad movies such as vampires in brooklyn ? it just seemed cheap to me . then i actually saw the movie and the first twenty minutes , involving drew barrymore and a nail-bitingly intense phone conversation , completely changed my attitude . scream is not only a clever parody of your standard horror flick , it's also a pretty scary movie . if you've seen a million of these kinds of films , you know exactly what is going to happen . this is part of the fun of watching scream . the movie reminds avid horror fans how similar and repetitive the genre is and it also reminds them how great a guilty pleasure it can be to watch pointless and predictable violence to innocent , attractive teenagers . to those who rarely see these types of movies , scream is a thrilling unpredictable ride that could be mistaken as a serious slasher film . there's nothing wrong with that misjudgment though . i have witnessed viewers from both sides of the audience , the newbies to horror and the fanatics . their opinions on the film were so different but both very positive . from these varied reviews , i am convinced that scream has not only revived the teen horror movie and the normal teen romance movies but also the hilarious parodies of these and other categories . films that both deride and celebrate genres like galaxy quest and the big hit would not have existed , in my opinion , if it was not for the outstanding success of scream . the low - budget 1996 gem may , alongside pulp fiction , be the most influential film of the 1990's . this influence may exist to the chagrin of some moviegoers who despise movies like teaching mrs . tingle or television programs such as dawson's creek but to others such as myself , we congratulate the movie that has opened new doors for excellent young actors , screenwriters , and directors . scream is also an extremely funny movie thanks to its quickly-paced script by kevin williamson . within the film are characters who tell other characters , as well as the audience , the basic rules and cliches of a horror movie . mainly from the rants of randy ( jamie kennedy ) and stu ( matthew lillard ) , we are reminded not only of the obvious and hilarious rules but also some of the more subtle stereotypes that when thought over are mostly true as well ( the virgin always survives ; have sex and you're dead meat ) . not only are we treated these rules on a plate but also the rules are referenced to a number of different films and actors . the script feels like an obsessive essay from a college film geek who has nothing better to do but find every little blunder from every little film for his own self-satisfaction . in this case , williamson finds these errors for the audience's satisfaction and amusement . i hear there is a new movie coming out called scary movie which is a spoof of scream , which is a spoof of scary movies . i will certainly see the film but i have the feeling that this parody will be more obviously ridiculing the genre rather than scream's perfect subtlety . however my last gut feeling about this stuff , scream , was dead wrong . . . so who knows . 
cast : eileen brennan , tim curry , madeline kahn , christopher lloyd , michael mckean , martin mull , lesley ann warren , colleen camp , lee ving , bill henderson , howard hesseman written by : john landis and jonathan lynn directed by : jonathan lynn running time : 96 minutes clue is an unfairly ignored comedy , very similar to 1976's murder by death . this big screen version of the classic board game ( what's next . . . chutes and ladders : the motion picture ? ) is filled with slapstick antics and silly dialogue . the plot , for what it's worth , has all the characters from the game ( in this case , the names from the game are used as aliases ) meeting in an isolated mansion to confront mr . boddy ( lee ving ) , the man who's been blackmailing them all . when he turns up dead , everyone ( including the audience ) must figure out whodunnit . . . and in what room , and with what object . while not as witty as neil simon's murder by death , clue definitely has it moments . it has so many moments in fact that i use a lot of the lines from the film when i'm joking around with my friends . to this day , whenever someone says the phrase " well , to make a long story short " i have the follow up phrase " too late " ready to go . the cast ( all very good comedic talents ) play well off one another , while the late madeline kahn ( as the dark and sultry mrs . white ) sometimes steals the film away from the rest . and colleen camp , as the french maid yvette , displays some of her natural talents as well . clue is available on dvd from paramount home video . it includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and is enhanced for 16x9 televisions ) and features the original theatrical trailer . a french language audio track is also available . the trailer holds up well considering most previews from that time do not , and it even includes a scene not in the film itself ( a scene that should have been in the film , as it's a good joke ) . also , the trailer is scored to the music from airplane ! , which was an interesting choice . when clue played in theaters , it ran with the gimmick of three different endings . if you wanted to see all three , you had to go to the movies three separate times . so when the film was released on home video , rather than releasing three separate videos , all three endings were included on one tape . . . the first two endings being " what if ? " endings and the third ending being the actual ending . now for the dvd release you get two choices . you can watch the film as it was presented on home video or you can select to watch it with one of the three endings randomly chosen for you . ( note : there's an easter egg hidden in the disc pertaining to this . after watching the film with a randomly selected ending , when you return to the menu screen you will be able to highlight the large magnifying glass and select it . when you do , a secret menu opens , allowing you to watch any of the three endings by themselves . ) now while i applaud the effort of paramount here , as they clearly tried to do something special with the disc , it just doesn't work well . first , why not give the viewer the choice of what ending we want to watch ? maybe someone like myself who's seen the movie hundreds of times would like to sit down and show it to someone with the second ending only . i'm no technical dvd expert , but i can't imagine that being too hard to accomplish . secondly , the delay between when the film itself ends and one of the endings begins is too long and too obvious , thereby becoming a distraction right when you definitely don't need a distraction . finally , the back of the dvd case states " and now , with this special dvd version , you can see all 3 surprise endings " . i have no idea why they would word it that way , since that's not a special feature in the slightest . the video has been out for fifteen years now ( good lord , has it been that long ? ) and it's played on television with all three endings all the time . these are merely minor complaints however , seeing that i've watched the home video version hundreds of times and have no problem watching the film as such on the dvd . the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my worn out vhs copy , and i'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format . [pg] reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com aol instant messenger : filmjax the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
cast : mel gibson ( jerry fletcher ) , julia roberts ( alice sutton ) , patrick stewart ( dr . jonas ) , cylk cozart ( agent lowry ) director : richard donner certification : r ( usa ) presumably for violence , language , and intense situations year of production : 1997 i was fortunate enough to attend an advance screening for the upcoming thriller conspiracy theory . this was , of course , a big deal for me because reviewing movies is basically just a hobby for me and i never get a chance at something like this . not only did i get to see an advance screening , i was able to see an advance screening of a * very good * movie . the very fast-paced film stars mel gibson as jerry fletcher , a fast-talking , witty , comical taxi driver in new york city . gibson's performance is terrific , and his character is similar to that of martin riggs in the lethal weapon films . gibson again teams up with richard donner , as he did in the lethal weapon films and maverick , and this time around , the combination works even better . the character of jerry fletcher is indeed unique . try to imagine a toned-downed version of travis bickle who , this time around , is a jittery guy with knowledge of government conspiracy cover-ups . if you can imagine that , then you've basically got jerry fletcher . in many ways , i was surprised by this movie . to begin with , i was surprised at how good it was . don't get me wrong , it's not going to be accepting any gold trophies next spring , but it was a very enjoyable movie . secondly , i was surprised at mel gibson's performance . he provided a fantastic performance . the previews of this film led me to believe it was an all-out action flick , which after viewing , it was almost the opposite in a certain sense . gibson's character has an almost uncountable number of one-liners , hilarious situations , and his character is one that the audience tends to side with throughout the film . for instance , jerry's apartment ( and especially his security ) is memorable . and last , i was surprised at how good the plot is . writer brian helgeland has created a terrific story , and when watching this film , you are left to wonder if all of jerry fletcher's far-fetched ( or so they seem at first ) conspiracy theories are helgeland's own opinions . mel gibson isn't the only stand-out in the film . julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who can't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories . he also seems obsessed and in love with her . but whenever he approaches her with another one of his theories , she shrugs him and his beliefs off , continually noting that one day she is going to slap a restraining order on him . jerry , obviously determined to continually seek out the truth , continues to research information for his next conspiracy theory , which will be printed in his newsletter ( same title as the movie ) . although he only has five subscribers , he puts a large amount of time and effort into his work , and publishes his next edition . very soon after he does so , he is abducted and tortured by a sinister man who refers to himself as dr . jonas ( patrick stewart ) . after barely escaping alive , jerry is forced to turn to the only person he can trust : alice sutton . the remainder of the film is almost always fast-paced and full of action and suspense , with jerry's life being constantly put into jeopardy . and more along the way , the audience ( and alice ) learn more and more about jerry's life . many things are explained throughout this film , both to the characters and to the audience . for instance , the meaning of the book " the catcher in the rye " and its ties to assassins , the reason lone gunmen have three names ( e . g . lee harvey oswald and james earl ray ) , and the real truth behind the grateful dead . make sure listen closely throughout the film , as jerry is constantly throwing out interesting tidbits such as the above . definitely , when conspiracy theory hits theaters august 8th , make sure you are standing in line to see it . i am nearly positive everyone should enjoy this film , especially if you are into an action-thriller with witty dialogue and numerous suspenseful situations . and even if you aren't , you should still like this film .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
 at first glance , it appears that the home alone movies are brainless slapstick intended for those with minds of 8-year olds . that's true of home alone 2 and i'd bet money that it's true of home alone 3 ( opening soon ) . but home alone actually has a lot going for it , and the cartoon slapstick doesn't get in the way . the mcalisters , all 15 of them , are going to france for the holidays . four adults and eleven kids are spending the night together before heading to the airport en masse . the littlest kid , kevin , is the victim of the older kids' cruelty . kevin's patience runs out when he learns that his plain-cheese pizza has already been eaten , and he's going to have to starve . he attacks his big bully brother buzz , who had been teasing him . the fight disrupts the already-chaotic dinner , spilling milk and soft drinks all over the table , a few cousins , and an uncle . the knee-jerk reaction is for everyone to blame kevin . nobody came to his rescue when he was being teased , but they all point their fingers when he fights back . the ultimate punishment comes from mom ( catherine o'hara ) who sends him up to the spare bedroom in the attic for the night . on his way up the stairs , he tells her that " families suck " and that he hopes never to see any of his family again . that night the power goes out , knocking out the alarm clocks , so the mcalisters wake up in a big hurry to get to the airport . in a surprisingly plausible setup , kevin is mistakenly accounted for , and the family heads off without him . it's interesting that , in a subtle way , his parents never noticed him missing because of their deliberate desire to separate themselves from their children . first they delegate the headcount to an older sibling , and second , they put all the kids in coach while they fly first class . they're two-thirds of the way across the atlantic before they realize they are missing a child . meanwhile , kevin believes that somehow his wish has come true . he's finally rid of his family ! life is a dream come true . he can jump on the beds , watch r-rated movies , eat gobs of ice cream and potato chips , and dig through his big brother's secret box . slowly , the novelty wears off and he settles into the mundane . he grooms himself , he does the laundry , he goes shopping ( " i bought some milk , eggs , and fabric softener " ) . he also starts to miss his family , not just for their company , but for the security they bring . the furnace in the basement is a scary monster , the old man next door is a snow-shovel murderer , and two crooks are trying to break into his house . macaulay culkin is cute but he isn't much of an actor . still , we can see that kevin's character grows , thanks to some good direction and editing . for example , acting has little to do with the emotional impact of the scene where kevin searches out a seasonal santa at night , just as " santa " is getting in his car . kevin asks the man to pass on his request - he wants his family back - to the real santa . he learned how to deal with the furnace . you turn on the lights and it's not so scary anymore . he goes to a church one evening and there he sees the snow-shovel murderer , who actually turns out to be a nice man . they talk about their fears and kevin learns that age alone does not make you less afraid . finally , in the last 20 minutes , kevin confronts his last fear - the bandits , head on ( literally ) . this last act is full of violent comedic slapstick , and after the movie's genuine dramatic setup , it is dessert . it's a lot of fun , and it doesn't overwhelm the rest of the movie . on the whole , home alone is a great holiday movie . john williams' original score has the sound and feel of holiday music without the disadvantage of being overplayed at the malls , and the christmas setting can put you in the mood for those family gatherings . but it does have its flaws . the smallest problem is that culkin doesn't act very well . as i said before , he is cute , but repeated viewings reveal more about how columbus covered himself than about culkin's insight into his character . the biggest problem is that during the cartoony coda , the villains threaten kevin's life about five times . instead of " i'm gonna get that kid " they say " i'm gonna kill that kid . " some might argue that the tone is the same , but i strongly disagree . mixing comedy with specific and viable threats of murder is a sociopathic faux-pas . i'll probably never see home alone 3 , and i wish i had skipped home alone 2 , but i do enjoy home alone almost every year . don't let your impressions of the others detract from the original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
to begin with , i certainly felt out of place sitting in the audience at the wood , a movie that not only is good , but will pleasantly surprise you . not only is there not one caucasian cast member , ( not even in a cameo ) i was also part of the minority of the five white people sitting in my auditorium . slim , ( richard t . jones ) roland , ( taye diggs ) and mike ( omar epps ) are all gathered at a wedding that roland is supposed to be at . he's at an old girlfriend's house , drunk as ever , having second thoughts about giving up his old wild lifestyle to settle down with one woman . this begins a whole set of flashbacks that are intervened nicely from the 80s to present day . while it's not quite plausible how the flashbacks begin , it's a cute way to make a movie , and they pull it to it's fullest extent . young mike ( nelson , who steals the show ) has just moved from north carolina and has his eyes set on alicia ( malinda williams ) while his buddies try to rack up telephone numbers . despite the fact that alicia's brother ( de'aundre bonds ) is an abusive gang member . amazingly , it manages to do this without too many racial stereotypes . another nice thing about the wood is that you feel like your a part of the movie . in beginning sequences mike talks right into the camera and acknowledges that we are there , watching everything that's happening to the characters . while this isn't anything original or inventive , it does add a nice touch . it also has several gags that seem taken right out of a toned down american pie , so for that , and the fact that i was taken aback by how good it was . the wood earns my * * * stars . 
de bijbel is ontzettend populair en een inspiratiebron voor veel mensen . vooral de mysterieuze en paranormale aspecten van dit boek interesseren veel mensen . daarom maken ook veel schrijvers gretig gebruik van dit boek , zoals te zien is in " the devil's advocate " , the excorcist en " seven " . nu is er ook " fallen " , een horrorfilm waarin het kwaad vele vormen aanneemt . en dan bedoel ik ook véle vormen . het is john hobbes ( denzel washington ) samen met z'n maat jonesy ( john goodman ) eindelijk gelukt om edgar reese ( elias koteas ) achter de tralies te krijgen . reese , een gestoorde seriemoordenaar , wordt zo snel mogelijk in de gaskamer gezet om voor z'n daden te boeten . in de laatste minuten van z'n leven prevelt hij opeens vreemde zinnen in oud-aramees . en dat is onmogelijk , want die taal is al duizenden jaren oud en wordt nu alleen maar door een paar primitieve stammen gebruikt . nadat reese gestorven is , wilt hobbes de draad van z'n leven weer oppakken . helaas imiteert iemand de stijl van reese en er vallen dus weer veel doden . het valt hobbes op dat de dader zinnen op de muur schrijft die alleen begrijpelijk zijn voor hobbes . later komt hij erachter dat het geen 'copycat' is , maar reese zelf , die steeds andere gedaanten aanneemt om zo ongemerkt te ontsnappen . hobbes gaat op onderzoek uit en roept de hulp in van gretta milano , de dochter van lou milano . lou milano was een politie-agent die met dezelfde dingen te kampen had en al snel daarna zelfmoord pleegde . gretta milano , een gelovige , legt aan hem uit dat er een gevallen engel aan het werk is . deze engel is azazel , die wraak wilt nemen op hobbes en daarom hem , z'n vrienden en z'n familieleden teistert . hobbes is hier niet blij mee en gaat op jacht . dit wordt nog erg moeilijk voor hem , want door aanraking kan azazel van gastlichaam verwisselen . " fallen " ziet er visueel gezien prachtig uit en regisseur gregory hoblit maakt , net als david fincher bij " seven " , veel gebruik van regen en donkere beelden om de film een realistisch tintje te geven . helaas is het verhaal , hoe boeiend het ook mag zijn , nogal ongeloofwaardig uitgewerkt en er zitten ook een paar gaten in . maar goed , dat mag de pret niet drukken . denzel washington draagt een steentje bij aan de kwaliteit en daardoor is " fallen " nog een vermakelijke film geworden . 
written by larry ferguson . directed by ringo lam . starring jean-claude van damme and natasha henstridge . rated r ( contains violence , nudity , and profanity ) 101 mins . synopsis : alain , a cop from " south of france , " encounters the corpse of his unknown twin brother , assumes his identity , travels to the usa , and meets an annoying cabbie , the russian mafia , crooked fbi agents , and his brother's former lover , alex . after surviving car chases , street fights , and near-deaths due to fires , alain becomes nervous when he must introduce alex to his mother . comments : maximum risk's opening informs the audience that the scene takes place " south of france . " the scene actually takes place in france , the audience finds out , and i'd imagine the filmmakers probably meant " southern france . " why mention this ? because i wanted to point out that one can't apply logic to maximum risk and expect it to work . in fact , logic immediately falls apart in this movie . in order to enjoy it , ome must throw logic out the window . this movie , like so many other action movies , is dumb . mindlessly dumb . it competently delivers , however , a lot of action in a slick manner ; therefore , it manages to achieve what the filmmakers set out to achieve . in order to somehow justify one elaborate action sequence after another , an action movie's plot must usually be contrived and contain many competing factions . such is the case with maximum risk , which is populated by crooked fbi agents allied with the russian mob , an alluring seductress , a cop who has crossed the line , a cabbie who doesn't know better than to stay away from dangerous people , and twins separated at birth , just to name a few . and , i haven't even mentioned the plot elements : fires , car chases , chases through crowded streets with screaming pedestrians , lots of guns , a chainsaw , and the obligatory sex scene ( don't forget , natasha henstridge , the femme fatale from species , stars in this film ) , amongst others . somehow , with a considerable suspension of disbelief , larry ferguson's script manages to make most of these disparate elements work ( occasionally , something is so ridiculously implausible that you have to groan ) . maximum risk basically serves as a vehicle for martial arts star jean-claude van damme , even though natasha henstridge prominently appears on the poster and video box along with him . natasha henstridge , a very capable model-turned-actress , has surprisingly little to work with in this movie . she appears much later in the film than one would expect and basically plays the damsel-in-distress who van damme must frequently save from the bad guys . her role here comes as a surprise considering the other movies she's been in to date . ( she played a tough cop in the awful adrenalin : fear the rush and a tougher , dangerous seductress in species . ) those who are familiar with her " revealing " species character , though , won't be surprised to find that she strips off clothing left and right in maximum risk as well . she looks like nice in a beret too ! the main star , however , is indeed van damme , and this movie features van damme fighting , kicking , punching , and bleeding like he does in every other movie he's been in . the fights and the stuntwork are the true stars of the movie , of course , and they're delivered frequently and entertainingly . occasionally , the violence is slightly uncomfortable ( in one scene , alain slowly twists a bad guy's hand which snaps when it breaks ) and thus resembles steven seagal's oftentimes disturbingly violent sequences . for the most part , however , the action is cartoonish enough to seem too unreal to be sensitive to . even if one were to excuse a number of faults due to its being an action movie , maximum risk still isn't perfect . for one thing , at 101 minutes , it plays too long for an action movie of this nature . about 10 or so minutes of scenes containing unnecessary plot details could have been shaved from the running time . also , larry ferguson , for some reason , tried to inject blatant humor , unsuccessfully , into the mix by introducing an annoying cabbie with aspirations to be a novelist . this character's lines aren't cute or humorous ( even alain tells him to " shut up " ) , and the audience is left feeling relieved rather than angry when he is killed by the bad guys . despite these criticisms , maximum risk still delivers . if you're in the mood for a dumb action movie , you'd be better off risking this film than a number of other turkeys out there in this genre . 
starring sidney poitier , rod steiger , warren oates , lee grant , scott wilson , larry gates , and james paterson . as african american detective vergil tibbs questions a suspected white murderer inside a jail cell , there is a wonderful , eye-catching shot which instantaneously presents the main message of the entire film . the shot has tibbs' face completely covered by the shadows of the prison bars . to see these bars blocking his face , we see how separated tibbs is from the rest of the characters in the film . as a black detective conducting an investigation in a southern town full of violent white bigots , no matter how innocent tibbs is , he is still seen by these bigots as a threat simply because of the color of his skin . the bars show that tibbs has not been given a fair chance to show exactly who he is , instead others have chosen him as different and dangerous . this one shot amazes me because it captures a whole theme in a matter of seconds . it perhaps may be the most powerful image i have seen in a film . " in the heat of the night " was the first and the best of the three films norman jewison directed concerning racism in america . jewison has a very keen style of displaying various cases of racism as he is neither pedantic nor overly sentimental . in these three films he does an excellent job creating very detailed equal analyses of characters from the abused to the abusers . he is also not afraid to tell the absolute truth about how corrupt society was in the past and is in the present . preceding the very original " a soldier's story " and the recently released " the hurricane , " " in the heat of the night contains some classic lines and some very memorable characters . the film , which won best picture in 1967 focuses on vergil tibbs , played superbly by sidney poitier as a fearless african american police officer from philadelphia who refuses to give up on an investigation in a white town where is he not wanted . tibbs is a man who rarely loses his temper and that is worth mentioning because he is constantly facing abuse from those around him . as a hero who is not afraid to face off against five men with chains , tibbs is the perfect protagonist . poitier also gives an excellent , noteworthy voice to his character . never nervous and always commanding , his speech patterns are very manipulative as they range from stentorian to soothing . however , unlike " the hurricane " where denzel washington dominated over the rest of the cast , poitier shares the spotlight with rod steiger , who won best actor for his excellent performance . as a sheriff who helps tibbs and warns him of the dangers around him , steiger shows a great amount of skill in his role . he starts off as racist and blind as the other townspeople . he would refer to tibbs as " boy " and would always suspiciously keep an eye on him . as the film progresses though , there is a very gradual change in the sheriff . he begins to see the hardships tibbs faces and he sees the foolishness of his own neighbors . what i really enjoyed about steiger's character was that he did not completely abandon his friends or connect with tibbs at the end of the film . he still could not refer to tibbs as mister tibbs or officer tibbs but rather settled for virgil . instead , it was apparent that he was eventually going to see the world differently in the future . most movies would have a character reversing all of his beliefs and influences in a matter of minutes . this action would not have been realistic at all since it is nearly impossible for someone to believe something one day and believe something else the next day . jewison's determination to make this film as realistic as possible is very obvious here and also very appropriate . " in the heat of the night " shows the difference between the north and the south or a major city and a small town in the united states during the 1960's . it displays this perfectly . however , the actual investigation , although it is not the main focus of the film , lacks interest . it seemed rushed especially towards the end as if jewison had given his message about racism and did not feel like giving a credible explanation involving the murder victim . there were way too many characters added during the last fifteen minutes and some of the scenes during this time period were inane ( police officer sam being a suspect was not needed ) . also , it is given that tibbs is a vigilant homicide detective who is the best at what he does , but some of his discoveries came out of nowhere and how he found out some of the important case details towards the end were never answered . the rushed ending was the only mistake of this otherwise memorable jewison classic . ( a congratulations has to be given to actor scott wilson . he managed to be in the two best movies of 1967 , " in the heat of the night " and the even better " in cold blood . " ) 
starring ian mckellen , brendan fraser , lynn redgrave . rated r . not too many people know who james whale is , but it's a safe bet that a good chunk of them have seen his movies . if we are to believe the semi- biographical gods and monsters , whale would have wanted it to be that way . this is an insightful , haunting exploration of the last days of the frankenstein and bride of frankenstein director , and it is notable for introducing one of the first complicated gay characters in a hollywood movie . gods and monsters has no interest in being a biopic of whale's life because it tracks only the final few days of his life , and it's probably a better movie for it . it's focus is on whale's ( ian mckellen ) untraditional and deceptive lust for heterosexual gardener clayton boone ( brendan fraser ) . it begins with whale ( a fairly talented artist , aside from being a director ) asking boone to " sit for him , " ( pose for a portrait ) . at first , boone doesn't realize that whale is gay and grows fascinated with the old man . when he does discover whale's sexual orientation from his dedicated and protective maid ( lynn redgrave ) , he is frightened , refusing to sit for the guy . but he comes back , only to storm out again , disgusted with whale's " locker room talk . " boone returns yet another time , after whale promises to tone down the aforementioned " locker room talk , " and finds their platonic relationship to be strengthening . meanwhile , jimmy himself is suffering from hallucinations and mental attacks as a result of his stroke not long ago . his ailment leads to desperation and depression , which build to the point where he is forced to ask boone for an incredulously big favor . what is perhaps most sensational about gods and monsters is brendan fraser's bravura performance ; up until seeing this film i intensely disliked the young actor because of his tendency to ruin the movies he is in ( blast from the past , for example ) . i was surprised how expressive an actor he proved himself to be here . this is impressive because his character's dialogue is minimal , with mckellan doing most of the talking . that requires fraser to act through body language ; a difficult skill to master , but something he proves capable of doing well . this is not to ignore mckellan's oscar nominated turn . he earned that nomination with his touching performance here ( although , at the risk of sounding like a philistine , i would have chosen his performance as the nazi in apt pupil for the nomination ) ; an understated , compelling gem . whale dreaded being remembered solely for his work in the hollywood horror genre , and he thought hollywood to be the equivalent of a battlefield . he rejoiced in being free from it , only reluctantly going to receptions with fellow movie people . in the end , perhaps , it is what killed him : the memories of hollywood and war blending together to form a living nightmare . ©1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; sent via deja . com http : //www . deja . com/ share what you know . learn what you don't . 
why do so many children's films treat their target audience with utter contempt ? too many of those who write or direct for children's movies assume that the kids just can't handle serious , thoughtful discussions on meaningful issues . " the iron giant , " which was directed and co-written by brad bird , late of such animated series as " the simpsons " and " king of the hill , " assumes that not only can children handle such discussions , but that they can do so while being entertained at the same time . " the iron giant " holds absolutely no contempt for the young people in the audience , making it a film that's enjoyable for both children and adults alike . hogarth hughes ( voice of eli marienthal ) is a spirited young lad who lives with his hard-working single mother , annie ( jennifer aniston ) , in a small town in maine . after staying up late and watching scary movies on a night his mother is away , hogarth treks out into the forest to investigate what has stolen his antenna and ruined his tv reception . he comes across a giant robot ( vin diesel ) from space that eats metal for food . after saving the robot , nicknamed the iron giant , from electric shock , hogarth befriends the creature and takes him in as a pet of sorts . because of damage he suffered upon landing , the giant has forgotten what his original mission was , so he just follows hogarth around like a lost puppy . realizing he can't just keep the giant in a barn all the time , and that the giant needs food , he takes him to a junkyard owned by dean ( harry connick jr . ) , an eccentric artist who assembles sculptures out of scrap iron in his spare time . it soon becomes apparent that dean and hogarth can't keep the giant a secret forever , because a government spook named kent mansley ( christopher mcdonald ) has been brought in to investigate mysterious sightings in the surrounding forest area and considers the giant a threat to national security . he suspects hogarth knows something about the giant , and takes up residence in hogarth's house as a lodger . meanwhile , the giant begins to exhibit ominous behavior that suggests he was built to be a weapon of some kind . " the iron giant " is exactly what family films ought to be , because it doesn' t talk down to its audience . the story is simple , very simple , about an alien being that drops out of the sky and befriends a young boy . it's very similar to the spielberg classic " e . t . , ' and such comparisons are actually deserved in the case of " the iron giant . " the film holds many of the better elements of spielberg's film , such as the ability to be sentimental without turning sappy . the film delivers several serious messages , the most important of which is one's ability to choose one's own fate . hogarth teaches the giant to go against his programming and become what he wants to be : a hero . the final sequence is touching and appropriate , though i won't give it away , i will say that very few will be disappointed . the animation , while not up to disney standards ( what could be , after " tarzan " ? ) , is good enough to make you forget you're watching a cartoon . the giant is computer-animated , while the human characters are all hand-drawn the old-fashioned way . the characters' faces are done quite well , drawn realistically enough to make the personalities credible , but the features are exaggerated so as to allow for the cartoonish expressions that provide for comic relief . fine voice work is turned in by young eli marienthal as hogarth , and jennifer aniston is surprisingly convincing as his waitress mother . harry connick jr . does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney ( of tv's " frasier " ) as an army general called in by agent mansley . unlike several cartoon features , each character is actually a developed personality , rather than a stereotype , and is actually integral to the plot , rather than being a superfluous comic-relief sidekick ( a cliché disney still hasn't ditched ) . dean , for example , could have been a stereotypical beatnik ( his character profile seems to suggest that ) , but he is presented as a character with real emotions , thoughts , and motivations . even the heavy , agent mansley , is not a villain who does bad things simply because he wants to , but out of his own fear and paranoia . a lesser animated feature would have drawn up paper-thin stereotypes and figure the kids won't mind , but " the iron giant " has clearly put a little work into making the characters real , and it pays off . the film isn't only around to deliver heavy-handed messages , though . it's also very funny , and the humor is of the kind that both children and adults will enjoy . the scenes in which hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things , such as dive into a pool , are handled well , and director brad bird clearly has a sense of comic timing , having worked on " the simpsons " for many years . a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to " outlast " one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever . the film even takes some jabs at america's nuclear paranoia during the early stages of the cold war , satirizing the lame safety films shown to grade school students that tell them to " duck and cover " in the event of a nuclear attack . " the iron giant " has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing . instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well-timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with . when you get right down to it , " the iron giant " is no more than the story of a boy and his robot . the story is so straightforward , so quaint , that it ultimately becomes charming . though i enjoy the complex plotting of film noir as much as the next person , when it comes to family entertainment , simple is the way to go . it's akin to one of those bedtime stories your father told that had you hanging on his every word , but it's not the story that sets the film above others of its kind , but rather the elements that go into the story , namely real characters and thoughtful dialogue , which " the iron giant " has in spades . 
the sweet hereafter could serve as a textbook example of the difference between television movies and " real " movies . consider for a moment what a television producer would do with a book that features a fatal school bus accident and a lawyer out to sign up the bereaved -- lots of hot sensationalism interrupted with breaks to sell beer and toothpaste . top-flight writer and director atom egoyan delivers instead a film with tremendous power whose most notable trait is its touching subtlety . based on a respected book of the same name by author russell banks , the movie represents a rethinking of the story's structure , not merely a literal adaptation of the novel . told in linear form by four narrators in the book , egoyan's version happens instead in overlapping time sequences and without a narrator . the author is even on record as applauding egoyan's changes . in the press notes the book's author describes the story as " a parable of lost children . " he says it asks what a town does in the absence of its children . picking up on this , egoyan has a flashback in which a sitter , nicole burnell , played with grace by sarah polley , reads parts of " the pied piper " from an old , illustrated book to her two charges . periodically throughout the picture , nicole's readings are heard in voice-over . you have never heard this moving poem read so sweetly or in such an appropriate moment . they and the rest of the town's children come into harm's way -- some live and others are seriously injured . and the entire small canadian town where the accident occurs is never the same again . although the physical damage is inflicted mainly on the children , the adults bear the emotional scars of the loss . ian holm , in arguably the best performance of his distinguished career , plays mitchell stephens , an intense man of quiet misery . mitchell is the outsider in the story set in a small , snow-encrusted community in the british columbian wilderness . his mission there is a singular one , to sign up the parents so that he can sue someone , anyone , on their behalf . if this seems crass , well it is , but mitchell approaches his job with the dedication of a religious zealot . the story unfolds slowly and always believably . each little aspect has its own fascination . as mitchell interviews wendell and rita walker , played with quiet realism by maury chaykin and alberta watson , he has a simple task . he wants them to suggest some model couple in the village who has a lost a child so that he can use that couple to form the basis of the suit . wendell ticks off one town member after another and then , as one can in a small town , enumerates each person's numerous faults . although the town is no peyton place , people there do have their foibles . one of the best parents in the town appears to be billy ansell ( bruce greenwood ) , who rides his pickup behind the school bus everyday just so he can wave good-bye to his kids . well , single parent billy's fault is that he has regularly scheduled trysts with the married rita . his confessions to rita about his feelings of loss are one of the many heartfelt outpourings in the story . the accident itself , a simple one of a bus hitting a patch of ice , isn't shown until the middle of the picture , but , nevertheless , the mystery about it builds throughout the film . although the picture is no detective story , finding out exactly what happened is a subtheme in a movie that is primarily a character study of a town gripped by tragedy . as the injured bus driver , gabrielle rose , dolores driscoll plays the role of a dedicated individual who loves kids with a passion and for whom the tragedy takes on special meaning . to round out the story , mitchell has his own private tragedy to bear . his daughter zoe ( caerthan banks ) is a drug addict who has bounced in and out of one half-way house and recovery center after another . fond of calling her dad on his cell phone so she can ask for money or help , she interrupts him at many emotionally charged moments as he attempts to sign up the townsfolk . ( " i can help you , " mitchell tries to reassure billy . " not unless you can raise the dead , " billy snaps back . mitchell's pitch is never an easy one and worrying about zoe only makes it harder . ) mychael danna's haunting music sets the stage for tragedy . the cinematography by paul sarossy is sweeping in its outdoor grandeur , but it is in the warm , shadowy , intimate moments indoors where it works best . the show , which is ripe for emotional manipulation , never plays with its audience . still , when the house lights go up , you may feel as i did . i could barely breathe ; i was so overcome by the sum total of what i had witnessed . more than anything , the film is like a master painting . each cinematic brush stroke is carefully laid down by egoyan with the beauty building with each dollop of paint . with the final color in place , the masterpiece is complete , and the ending credits roll . the sweet hereafter runs 1 : 50 . it is rated r for mature themes , sexuality and some profanity and would be fine teenagers . 
capsule : the verma family is having a wedding and all the relatives will come for the multi-day festivities . mira nair's film is pleasant enough with a little human drama , a few family secrets , some sadness and some happiness . you have seen it all before , but perhaps not from india . the photography is colorful and the music is very agreeable . rating : 7 ( 0 to 10 ) , low + 2 ( -4 to + 4 ) mira nair previously directed salaam bombay and mississippi masala . her newest film , written by sabrina dhawan , is very similar to previous films like betsy's wedding but it is set in new delhi . a wealthy family is having a wedding . an indian wedding is a multi-day affair as much a family reunion as a nuptial . even more than in the us , it is an excuse for a lavish and extravagant family get-together . the film shows us what the family does together and at the same time follows several family members' individual story lines . aditi verma is marrying hemant , an indian engineer working in the us . she had previously had a relationship with vikram , her supervisor . latit , her father ( played by naseeruddin shah ) , is juggling many problems , not the least of which is worrying about the caterer has hired pk dubey . dubey is a rather eccentric man with a taste for eating the marigolds he uses for decoration . even dubey will soon be romantically entangled when he becomes interested in alice , one of the family servants . several family members arrive giving rise to several plotlines involving sex , family secrets , or both . there are heartbreaks and there are people falling in love . some of the subjects covered are probably near taboo for indian films . western audiences will appreciate a look at unfamiliar indian customs like women painting their hands with henna . on the other hand it was not clear ( to me at least ) if scenes like the family singing together are typical of indian culture or if they are a convention of indian musical films . this seems a particularly westernized family with the father wearing american designer sweaters and the family speaking mostly english . the latter will , however , help with an international release . sabrina dhawan's screenplay is vibrant with witty dialog . we have seen films with plotting very much like this , but the indian setting makes a great deal of difference . director mira nair calls the film an affirmation of life . i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low + 2 on the -4 to + 4 scale . 
during the making of his film-biography of jazz musician charlie parker , bird , clint eastwood said that america has produced only two original artforms . western movies and jazz . everyone knew that clint had and would continue to make his mark on the former ( dirty harry , unforgiven ) , and with bird , he unforgettably touched upon the latter . after reflecting upon the two original american artforms , what was eastwood to do ? after unforgiven , the quality of his work decreased bit by bit as he decided not to take as many risks as he once did . his latest , true crime , doesn't offer much in the way of originality , but it still provides the viewer with a solid , satisfying drama . true crime tells the story of steve everett ( eastwood ) , a journalist for the oakland tribune . ev , as he is known to his friends , is an unscrupulous , womanizing former drunkard who's colleague ( mary mccormack ) is killed in a car crash just moments after having a drink with him . in the aftermath , ev is told by his editor ( denis leary ) , with whose wife he is sleeping , that he must take his colleague's place covering the story of a convicted murderer named frank beachum ( isaiah wasington ) , who is set to be executed that night . ev's boss ( james woods ) , with whose wife he also claims to be sleeping , explains to him that this is merely a human interest story about life before execution . but ev finds something fishy in this case in which beachum was convicted of shooting a pregnant woman working a cash register in a small market . after a meeting with beachum and a key witness in the trial , ev is convinced that beachum did not commit the murder . in the hours leading up to beachum's planned execution , ev ends up losing his job and his marriage , but never his composure . for most of its 2-plus hour running time , true crime is a cut above the competition . it keeps the viewer engrossed , wanting to know every detail about what's going on . but the last 15 minutes of the film keep it from being the riveting thriller it wants to be . the ending of true crime is totally unconvincing , and makes you think that maybe this isn't the leisurely paced drama you were watching for the past two hours . the film's ending happens to quickly to digest , and makes you leave the theater unable to realize what point the film was trying to make . maybe part of the problem was the fact that true crime used three screenwriters to adapt andrew klavan's novel , and each writer seems to want to take the film on a different trip . eastwood uses clever restraint throughout most of the film , but the ending seems to be too much to handle . but true crime is a film definitely worth seeing , especially for a great perfromance by isaiah washington , as an accused man approaching death . i'm glad to see that clint has decided to give his own american touch to a conventional storyline , because leaving this film in the hands of someone else would be a true crime . review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
directed by mary harron . screenplay by harron and guinevere turner , from the novel by bret easton ellis . starring christian bale , chloe sevigny , willem dafoe . running time : 102 minutes . rated r for extreme violence and graphic sexual content ( mfcb ) . reviewed on april 17th , 2000 . few movies have engendered such controversy as " american psycho " . not only has there been concern over its violent and sexual content , but the 1991 bret easton ellis novel upon which the film is based is notorious for having been read by karla homolka , accomplice of convicted sex murderer paul bernardo . but those who have sought to censor " american psycho " have done so with little merit . this is not a movie about murder per se , and any intelligent watching of the film should make that obvious . does the lead character , patrick bateman , kill people ? yes , and the implication is that many more die off-screen . but this very fact -- that much of bateman's crime spree is referred to only in passing -- makes it clear that the movie is less concerned about his deeds than about bateman himself . the killings themselves are alternately comical and dispassionate . there is none of the frenzied bloodlust of " natural born killers " ( another good film about murderers , but one that is very different in its approach to the material ) . in one of the movie's best scenes , for instance , bateman is more concerned with keeping his clothes and apartment clean , and with discussing the merits of huey lewis , than with the actual process of murdering a colleague . instead , " american psycho " works on two levels . first , and most obviously , it is a character study of patrick bateman , a complex and difficult role played splendidly by christian bale . and second , it serves as a scathing indictment of the 1980s , of the shallow and materialistic values which were the hallmark of that decade and which still play an all-too-important role in western society . patrick bateman is a mid-level executive in his late twenties . his day seems to consist mostly of " meetings " with other mid-level executives , which essentially amount to contests of ego ( we never actually see them doing anything work-related ) . bragging rights are determined by the quality of their business cards and their ability to secure reservations at chic restaurants . several of them are engaged , but this seems purely for show ; they fool around on one another with only the barest of nods toward secrecy . certainly , bateman's relationship with his own fiancee , evelyn ( reese witherspoon ) , is cold and loveless . indeed , bateman and the others are so similar that it almost feels as though they have been churned out on an assembly line . their slicked-back hairstyles , their style of dress , their mode of speech -- all are virtually identical . a running gag is made of the way bateman is constantly mistaken for others ( he doesn't even bother to correct the error , and just plays along ) . but unlike his confreres , bateman has a secret : he is a murderer , who has already killed as the movie opens and kills again , many times , over the course of the picture . " american psycho " does not concern itself with the whys of bateman's psychosis ; it is more interested in his mentality now that he has succumbed to his murderous impulses . bateman , we learn , thinks of himself as nothing but an empty , hollow shell , as conveyed effectively by a number of visuals . early on , bateman removes a transparent moisturizing face mask to reveal the same face underneath : his flesh hides no further depths . later , bateman gazes into a polished surface , but there is only the barest of reflections . " there is simply nothing there , " he says of himself . indeed , bateman does not have a line of dialogue which is heartfelt or honest . when he does speak , it is simply to maintain appearances , and it is as though he is regurgitating words heard or read elsewhere ; his favorite subject is popular music , but his opinions feel lifted out of the latest " rolling stone " . bateman is entirely self-absorbed , seeking to mold the world to his own preferences without fully committing himself to that world . he instructs his secretary , jean ( chloe sevigny ) , how to dress , and treats himself with a litany of body-care products . indeed , the murders he commits can be seen as the ultimate extension of this thirst for control . in one telling scene , bateman engages in a three-way sex scene with two prostitutes , but spends the whole time watching his own performance in the mirror ; rather than arousing , the proceedings are perfunctory and emotionless ( making it all the more strange that this was the scene ordered trimmed from the us release by the mpaa ; the canadian version , fortunately , is unabridged ) . " american psycho " grows increasingly bizarre as the story unfolds . the reality of the film seems to be influenced by bateman's own grip on sanity , and as his psychosis grows , the movie becomes more and more surreal . unusually , for a picture with such disturbing subject matter , this lends an air of comedy to the whole thing . some viewers may find this juxtaposition uncomfortable , but director mary harron reaches the right balance , and the humor only serves to further augment bateman's dementia . apart from bale's standout performance , none of the other actors are memorable , mired as they are in vacuous and superficial parts . willem dafoe occupies a particularly odd role , as a detective investigating one of bateman's killings . it seems fairly clear that he knows bateman is the murderer , and yet this particular subplot simply peters out . indeed , some may take issue with the way the movie as a whole just kind of stops , rather than reaching some kind of definitive conclusion . but i find it hard to take issue with this technique ; the movie is , above all else , a character sketch , and once it has nothing new to say about patrick bateman , it sensibly ends . what kind of ending could " american psycho " really have had , without it seeming superfluous ? " american psycho " is an excellent character piece , marred only by a lack of supporting material . the look it provides into the mind of a serial killer is both chilling and sobering -- for , despite patrick bateman's obvious and self-confessed insanity , how far removed is he really from the rest of us ? now , if you'll excuse me , i have to return some videos . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/americanpsycho . html -- _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@morgan . ucs . mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
mr . saturday night ( 1992 )  directed by billy crystal . written by billy crystal , lowell ganz , babaloo mandel . editing , ken beyda . music , marc shaiman . production design , albert brenner . produced by billy crystal and peter schindler . cast : billy crystal , david paymer , julie warner , helen hunt , mary mara , jerry orbach , ron silver , sage allen , michael weiner , jerry lewis , et al . a columbia release . 110 min . rated r ( language ) . language is constantly inventing or reviving expressions . two current ones are illustrated by comedian billy crystal playing comedian buddy young , jr . and dedicating his life to in-your-face jokes that keep pushing the envelope . created by crystal in 1984 for hbo and repeated on " saturday night live , " buddy now gets full , favorite-comic treatment in crystal's excellent directorial start . the character is fine honed , assuming you can say this about someone whose humor is not exactly wildeian or shavian . " mr . saturday night " is the biography of now-aged buddy and his brother stan , told in alternating flashbacks and flashforwards , with nearly equal time given to the present . the two yankelman boys are broad , in-house comics who keep their family in stitches . at their first public appearance on amateur nite ( sic ) , stan , 18 , gets cold feet , but remains in the wings , encouraging abie , 16 , who , at the last second , has taken on the name of buddy young , jr . nice , quiet , sensitive stan , stays on with the raucous buddy as the latter serves his apprenticeship and reaches specialized fame in the borscht belt's circuit , culminating at grossinger's in 1950 . while buddy convulses his audiences , stan , in the background , is a perfect definition of " factotum . " he is figaro to buddy's count almaviva , his manager , gofer , soundboard , as well as the butt of his brother's whims and ego . occasionally too becomes an unwilling , resentful pimp , as when he brings to buddy an admirer , elaine ( julie warner ) . stan is attracted to her but it is buddy who marries the charming young woman . buddy rises to becoming an increasingly important las vegas performer , though always billed below the headliners . in a clever bit , his appearance on the ed sullivan show is a catastrophe , since he follows the beatles before a frenzied , hysterical audience of youths . still , he does get tv celebrity as " mr . saturday night , " though never attaining superstardom . actors never stop acting in real life , but this isn't always evident . most comics are non-stop performers too , but the nature of their trade is such that their off-stage jokes are always obvious . buddy , if not the ultimate , is the archetypical new york jewish comedian , conceived , written and played with great inside-track knowledge and much affection , colossal warts and all . he is a monomaniacally compulsive jokester 24 hours a day , to the point that only one-liners and gags count for him . being so set in his tunnel-vision ways , he becomes self-destructive , flubs his chances , loses sponsors and exploits even those who love him ( brother , wife , daughter ) , through neglect and jokes at their expense . anything for a laugh , any time . buddy's compulsive , incessant joking does not spare events such as his wedding , the birth of his child , his being at his dying mother's side , even her funeral too . yet on those occasions the film manages sometimes to transcend the tacky and the crude , and can introduce bittersweet moments of true pathos . the movie is a two-hour homage to generations of ethnic jokemeisters and their shticks . it would take a computer to analyze all the ingredients , the name comics who enter this amalgam . yet , crystal's buddy is both a composite and a comic in his own right . but he is no human being by common norms . like many one-track-mind professionals , he is self-centered , has no personal dimensions , or , for that matter , a meaningful private life . in vague terms which place much of the onus on buddy , we learn that his daughter's life has been a failure . his wife , the lovely elaine , was introduced in 1950 as the perfect mate : witty , gutsy , lively with repartee . . . later though , when we meet her repeatedly , she has receded into the background . her personality has disappeared . whilst all those around buddy fade into stooges or supporting characters , the movie makes an exception by sketching with deft irony and much affection buddy's mother , thus salvaging some family values . mostly though , it shows with sharp realism the perpetual insecurity of showbiz people , even at the height of their reputation . above all , the movie works in , as its second major , as well as most original element , the buddy-stan relationship , ambiguous yet clear , built on narcissism and monstrous insensitivity on one side , antagonism , devotion and frustration on the other , and a weird kind of love under the surface . as stan , david paymer quietly steals every scene he appears in . when , " tired of shlepwork , " he retires , the film almost acquires a tragic tinge . it is an osca-caliber performance . billy crystal's supercharged acting is striking too , as a monochord , more obvious tour-de-force . the excellent playing extends to the supporting actors : young agent helen hunt who tries , against the comic's own self-defeating nature , to give the aged buddy a second chance ; jerry orbach as her boss ; or ron silver as a big-time film director who used to idolize buddy . the gallery of characters is also reinforced by the precise physical casting of two youngsters as the teen-age brothers , and by the make-up of stan as an old man . parchment-faced buddy however , in spite of the much-advertised , lengthy cosmetic sessions , made me uncomfortable . it felt as though the eyes were peering from behind a plastic mask the story's structure tends to be a bit systematically repetitious . it hammers its points , especially the swinging pendulum between rapport and alienation in the two brothers . in the last act you sense that the writers are desperately seeking a wrap-up . and since movies cannot let go of the odd notion that performers , whether young or old , deserve more pathos and sympathy than anyone else , " mr . saturday night " too oversentimentalizes the actors and the showbiz profession . as they should , the jokes run realistically from crude to indifferent , with occasional fresh gems . equally true-to-life is buddy's repertory , strong on insults but cautious on political issues . a hilarious , lightning-fast scene with bread rolls would have made charlie chaplin proud of crystal . but there is much more than rib-tickling to this suprisingly complex and ultimately affecting view of a lifetime in schlock . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
i'm not quite sure how best to go about writing this review . i must admit that i was a little disappointed by barry levinson's political satire " wag the dog , " but in retrospect , this has less to do with the film itself than with false expectations i had going into it . quite a few of the reviews i have read led me to believe that this film was absolutely hilarious and would make me laugh out loud the whole way through , and it didn't do that . they also led me to believe that it would deliver a vicious and all-too-true attack on the way the american political media works , and it didn't quite do that either . a few of them even suggested that it would prove a worthy successor to stanley kubrick's " dr . strangelove " in the tradition of political black comedy , and it most definitely didn't do that . that said , " wag the dog " is actually a very clever satire on the shady manipulations of political figures and those who assist them . the story revolves around the attempts of political spin doctor conread brean ( robert deniro ) to distract the american public from the accusations that the president , who is up for re-election in two weeks , sexually harassed a young girl in the oval office . the accusations , the script suggests , are probably untrue , but as brean so pointedly puts it , that isn't particularly relevant : the scandal is likely to derail the president's campaign regardless of its truth or falsehood . brean , along with his assistant ( anne heche ) , decide to contact hollywood producer stanley motss ( dustin hoffman ) to enlist his help in concocting enough propaganda and special-effects trickery to make it appear that the u . s . is going to war with albanian terrorists and thus propel the president to victory on a wave of patriotic fervor . as i said , " wag the dog " is not quite as laugh-out-loud hilarious as i had expected , but there are some genuinely funny moments to be found here , such as when , in an echo of a familiar movie cliché , the camera pans out over an urban sunset to the strains of uplifting , inspirational music , then cuts to a studio to reveal that the singing is coming from a group of musicians whom motss has assembled to perform " we have the right to fight for democracy . " another scene shows us how , with modern editing equipment , an actress running across a sound stage with a bag of potato chips can be turned into a frightened young girl and her kitten fleeing a terrorist attack on her village . the most consistently effective gag revolves around the propaganda team's attempt to forge a fictional war hero out of sgt . william " old shoe " schumann ( woody harrelson ) , an ex-military officer who turns out to be a first-class psycho . of course , not everything goes as planned ; the cia , for example , realizes what's going on and strikes a deal with the president's electoral opponent to report to the media that the " fighting " has ended , forcing motss and brean to come up with a new angle on the supposed albanian crisis . still , even with the cia's involvement , the film falls a little short in terms of making this scenario believable . regardless of the official word from the president or the cia , wouldn't the major media outlets have eastern european correspondents who could verify that there is , in fact , no fighting going on in albania ? the film never addresses this question , nor does it show the reactions of the american public to the news of the apparent war except for a few scenes which border on the farcical , such as when basketball fans litter the court with shoes in support of the aforementioned sgt . schumann ; we are apparently meant to assume that everyone is buying it . there was also an instance , towards the end of the film , in which one of motss's forced reinventions of the story seems to contradict what he and brean had been selling to the public thus far and could conceivably have given the game away . with these plot holes , " wag the dog " doesn't quite work as a satire of american politics , but it does send up the mentality that might lead to these kinds of machinations in the first place . brean and his advisors never seem concerned that what they are doing is unethical ; rather , they worry about how convincing it will be and whether or not they have enough money to pull it off . the film takes a decidely dark turn towards the end , as we learn how far they are willing to go in order to keep the propaganda campaign a secret . motss and his hollywood buddies , meanwhile , seem completely out of touch with the rest of the world and just see this undertaking as another creative project . in fact , one of the sources of conflict in the film is motss's increasing restlessness with the idea of not being able to take credit for producing the fake war ; in his mind , it is the greatest work of art he has ever created . i think it's fair to say that " wag the dog " underachieves a little bit : more attention to the public reaction and tighter plotting might have made this into a four-star film and a classic satire . still , the issue of an american president using war and patriotism to distract from scandals or domestic unpopularity is a very real one . wag the dog takes the issue one step further and asks , what if the war wasn't even real ? with this premise and the talented cast , the film still delivers more consistently than most , whatever its flaws . 
directed by david lynch . screenplay by john roach and mary sweeney . starring richard farnsworth , sissy spacek , james cada . running time : 106 minutes . rated pg ( mfcb ) . reviewed on april 24th , 2000 . " the straight story " tells a tale that would seem too far-fetched to be believed -- if it hadn't actually happened . based on true events from the summer of 1994 , director david lynch's newest film is an unusual choice of project for the man behind sometimes baffling fare like " twin peaks " and " lost highway " . but " the straight story " is pleasant and engrossing , and is also a rare motion picture that dares not only to feature a largely elderly cast , but also to treat them with considerable respect . alvin straight ( richard farnsworth ) is 73 years old , a world war ii veteran who has seen better days . his hips are giving out on him and his emphysema is getting worse . he lives with his daughter rose ( sissy spacek ) , who is mildly retarded but bright enough in her own way . one stormy night , alvin learns from a relative that his brother lyle has suffered a stroke . alvin and lyle were once as close as brothers could be , but they had a falling out ten years earlier and haven't spoken since . desperately aware of both lyle's mortality and his own , alvin decides he has to make the journey from his home in laurens , iowa to lyle's place in mount zion , wisconsin . neither alvin nor rose have a driver's license , and alvin is too proud to ask anyone else for help . so alvin decides to hitch a trailer up to his battered old riding lawnmower and set out for wisconsin , travelling no more than five or ten miles a day . his lawnmower soon breaks down , but alvin is not swayed : he trades it in and uses the last of his money to buy a 1966 john deere mower , then starts the journey all over again . alvin's slow voyage from iowa to wisconsin provides the framework around which the bulk of the movie is built . as is often the case in these sorts of films , the destination here is not nearly as important as what happens en route . ( indeed , the ending of " the straight story " is a beautifully underplayed scene , a real lesson in minimality that demonstrates lynch's trust in his audience . ) " the straight story " is " the odyssey " writ small , with alvin trundling from episode to episode like a wrinkly old odysseus . none of these little stories are particularly fascinating , but put together they form a touching mosaic . it is through these chance encounters that alvin's character is most fully illuminated and , moreover , that we are afforded a glimpse of the effect his passage has on others . some of these meetings are funny . alvin witnesses a collision between a car and a deer , and learns that the driver ( barbara e robertson ) has killed more than a dozen of the creatures along that stretch of highway in the past six weeks . the problem is that she has to drive that route , back and forth every day , to get to work . beyond quitting her job or moving , she simply has no other choice . " and i love deer ! " she wails . other meetings are more serious . alvin is nearly killed when he loses his brakes going down a steep hill . shaken up and out of money until his next welfare cheque comes in , he is taken in by danny and darla riordan ( james cada and sally wingert ) . the riordans' friend verlyn heller ( wiley harker ) is a wwii veteran like alvin , and one day at the local tavern the two share stories of the horrors of war . this is a beautifully acted sequence and again , lynch shows faith in his viewers by leaving it static and quiet so that the audience can conjure in their own minds the scenes that alvin and verlyn relate . as alvin , farnsworth does a very good job in an academy award-nominated performance . he gives the character considerable depth ; his delivery in sequences like the aforementioned tavern scene are tinged with a lifetime of emotions . the only real drawback to the role -- and the same could be said of " the straight story " as a whole -- is that alvin comes across as just a little too sweet , too coy . although the very fact that he chose to endure the six-week journey is indicative of alvin's character , i found it difficult to believe that he could really be so cherubic ( and indeed , reports suggest that the real alvin straight , who died in 1996 , was not quite as lovable as the movie implies ) . i don't think viewer sympathy would have been lost by giving alvin a bit more of an edge , and i think it would have made him generally better-rounded . none of the other actors have substantial screen time , but there is not a poor performance in the entire movie . lynch is successful in coaxing just the right note out of all his cast , be it dramatic or comedic . like stanley kubrick in " 2001 : a space odyssey " , lynch successfully conveys the lethargic pace of alvin's trip . there are long periods consisting of nothing but shots of iowa farmland , for instance , and more than once the camera pans up from alvin to the blue summer sky in a traditional passage-of-time shot , only to pan down again to show him just a few yards further along . this may induce boredom in some viewers , but for the most part i felt lynch handled such scenes judiciously . they go on long enough to achieve their intended effect , but not so long that i began glancing at my wristwatch . the fact that these sequences are accompanied by gorgeous fiddle music composed by lynch's frequent collaborator angelo badalamenti doesn't hurt , either . quiet , unassuming , gentle , endearing , " the straight story " is a delightful film . here is a testimony not just to the principle that truth is stranger than fiction , and not just to one man's character and determination , but also to the innumerable little stories that are out there , just down the road , waiting to be discovered . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/thestraightstory . html -- _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@morgan . ucs . mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
the happy bastard's quick movie reviewhow does one do a comedy focused on the mob ? well , a few years ago , there was a sly little comedy called the freshman , which had marlon brando doing a romp of a send-up of his famous don corleone character and , recently , the utterly stupid ( in a bad way ) movie mafia ! failed to really get the joke . this time around , however , warner bros . may have gotten it right with analyze this , a movie that hits its targets more than it misses . . . and for plenty of reasons . the story goes like this . a mobster ( robert deniro ) finds himself receiving several panic attacks as of late , fueled by the stress of an upcoming mobster meeting and a near-death following a drive-by shooting . it's these attacks that prompt him to hire a psychiatrist ( billy crystal ) who's mostly reluctant to take the mobster's case for two reasons . first , of course , he's a mobster , but secondly , he's trying to get married and enjoy a quiet honeymoon with his wife ( lisa kudrow ) and kid . and , of course , he can't rest worth for a moment because the mobster's goons are always needing the shrink for something , be it a quick consultation or dream analyzation . fortunately , the movie is played out for plenty of laughs . director harold ramis ( who also helmed the comedy multiplicity , which wasn't half bad ) keeps the tone peppy and light , even if it's sometimes sprinkled by slight dramatic moments ( shootings can't always be taken for laughs , you know ) . deniro does some of his finest comic work since the king of comedy , giving off a somewhat similar performance to his role in goodfellas , but with a bit of a lighter heart . ( a scene where he tries to display his anger over the phone and fails miserably is hilarious . ) crystal plays an excellent straight man to deniro's character , uplifting him from such bombs as father's day and my giant . kudrow is also a hoot as crystal's wife-to-be , who's on the verge of a breakdown thanks to deniro's presence . is the movie perfect ? not really , thanks to a simplistic ending and some slightly wasted moments with a character portrayed by chazz palminteri ( he's a comic actor , too , come on , give him some more ! ) , but it is an enjoyable romp that lets deniro do something different but same for a change , taking his dramatic act to a new field of comedy . kudos to crystal and kudrow for not just making it his show , either . line of the movie : crystal : " when you said you needed family therapy , this is not the family i had in mind ! " 
starring : ( voices of ) tom hanks , tim allen , joan cusack , kelsey grammer , wallace shawn , jim varney , john ratzenberger , don rickles , wayne knight director : john lasseter ( co-directed by ash brannon & lee unkrich ) written by : john lasseter , peter docter , ash brannon , andrew stanton way back in 1995 ( just slightly more recent than the dark ages in computer-graphics terms ) , pixar animation studios unveiled the first toy story . it was a technological and visual wonder , the first-ever completely computer animated feature film . more importantly to distributor disney , it became the third-highest grossing animated movie ever . four years later , we have george lucas pioneering the idea of " synthespians " with a certain floppy-eared pariah . fortunately , we also have toy story 2 , that rarest of sequels that outranks the original in every way ( except , of course , originality , but in this case that's no big deal . ) this time , buzz lightyear has to lead his owner andy's other toys on a danger-fraught adventure to rescue the old cowboy doll woody , who has inadvertently fallen into the greedy clutches of a toy collector . the plot thickens when woody meets the other members of his 'complete set' ( including a felt horse , a feisty cowgirl , and stinky pete , a grizzled old prospector still mint in the box ) in the collector's office and realizes he's a valuable part of toy history . woody has to choose either his owner and friends , or a permanent place of honor in a japanese museum with his new family . while the resolution of this dilemma may be somewhat more obvious to older audience members than kids , getting there is no less fun . the movie is liberally sprinkled with clever in-jokes ( the chess-playing geezer from pixar's oscar-winning short 'geri's game' shows up in a cameo ) , referential gags ( post-sputnik 'space toys' are derided , and the riffs on star wars happen early and often ) , and hilarious one-liners that will fly right over the heads of the sprogs while getting big laughs from their parents . better still , disney's recent trend away from musical numbers has left toy story 2 with only two : a lovely but depressing sarah mclachlan tear-jerker and a rehash of randy newman's " you've got a friend in me " from the first film . in both cases , the songs become critical plot points instead of momentum-killing distractions . obviously , the computer graphics are much improved ( check out the trees and the family dog's highly realistic coat ) , but the truly remarkable achievement is that after a while , you stop noticing them and focus instead on the characters . much of the first film's look-at-me graphic wizardry has evolved into more stylish and effective imagery . like the french impressionists they subtly mention in the film , pixar's army of programmers , animators , and renderers may one day be regarded as the first and finest examples of a new kind of artist . one quickly gets the sense watching this movie that lasseter and his gang have never stopped playing with their toys . in their world , a toy doesn't come to life until a child plays with it . collectors , with their glass displays and hermetically sealed imaginations , are the enemy . in the real world of ebay bidding wars and pokemon extortion , that's a fine message indeed , and toy story 2 delivers it with matchless creativity and invention . it'll make you wonder whether all those toys you loved as a kid miss you as much as you miss them . 
cast : paul campbell , mark danvers , carl bradshaw , audrey reid , winston bell , lenford salmon , desmond ballentine ( a . k . a . ninjaman ) written by : suzanne fenn , chris browne , and chris salewicz directed by : chris browne running time : 98 minutes `we run tings . tings don't run we . ' -sound advice from capone ( paul campbell ) to his squaddie ( or partner ) , floyd ( winston bell ) . jamaican film , shot entirely on video , featuring a standard cop movie plot mixed with a dash of john woo-styled brotherhood morals ( and a little gunplay ) . capone , a tough as nails super cop , gets a transfer back to his hometown of kingston after successfully taking down some gangsters that have broken into his home ( while he was with his lady ) and killed his partner in front of him . when he arrives , he discovers that the ghetto where he grew up has gotten worse , thanks mainly to the crime boss wonie ( jamaican film veteran carl bradshaw ) , so named because his left hand has been amputated and replaced by a grasping hook ) . capone discovers that wonie has been smuggling guns inside shipments of charity supplies for the area churches and , much to his disappointment , also finds out his childhood friend ratty ( mark danvers ) has been helping him . torn between doing his job and protecting his best friend , capone must make some hard decisions in order to make things right again . directed deftly by first time jamaican filmmaker chris browne ( assistant director for such american films as how stella got her groove back and instinct ) , one hardly notices the film was shot on video after a while . shots are handled so efficiently that they quickly take on the nuances of the aforementioned john woo films , although the action isn't as hyperkinetic as most of woo's films are . the action scenes are handled with a kind of flair though , and eventually begin to take on a life of their own ( beyond the hong kong films that they are obviously patterned after ) . the make-up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team . the cast is superb and listening to their dialogue , spoken with thick jamaican accents ( half of which have to be subtitled because of their extensive use of slang ) , just adds to the interest . paul campbell , as the `loose cannon' capone , essays his role perfectly , displaying the right amount of menace and compassion at the right times . mark danvers evokes sympathy as ratty , the part-time gun smuggler who is also trying to help the community by building football fields and organizing block parties to bring people together . unfortunately , carl bradshaw is given the least to do and his character as the crime boss seems ineffective ( largely because his underlings seem to run all over him ) , but then again , that could be the way his character was intended to be portrayed . the music in the film is composed of all reggae songs , and the soundtrack was produced by grammy award winning artists , sly and robbie ( who have worked with the likes of the rolling stones , maxi priest , bob dylan , james brown , grace jones , herbie hancock , bootsy collins , and carly simon among others ) . the end credit song , `we run tings' , by the group red dragon , is pretty decent and carries on the theme of the movie established early on by the quote that opens this review . oddly enough , desmond ballentine ( who plays the character deportee ) is well known as a pioneer in the realm of `gangsta' reggae as the performer ninjaman , and he doesn't contribute a single song to the film ( that i could see ) , which is virtually unheard of here in the us . at the time of this writing , third world cop has been put into limited theatrical release in the us , coming off of a six-month box-office breaking run in jamaica , where it holds the position as highest grossing film of all time ( bringing in $21 million in jamaica , which is roughly $500 , 000 us ) . palm pictures ( the company that released the offbeat , but entertaining six-string samurai ) is the company releasing the film and considering that their main focus is the dvd market , i can imagine that a disc will be available once the film has left theaters . chris blackwell , founder of palm pictures , was also involved in the production of another jamaican box-office smash in 1981 entitled countryman , so i'd say he has a pretty good track record . overall , third world cop is a pretty entertaining homage to the films of john woo , ringo lam , tsui hark , and many other action films by directors from hong kong . if action films are your thing and you don't mind intermittent subtitles , then you can't go wrong with this film . the performances and the story are solid ( if only a little cliched ) and the action is tight . i'm not sure what the other jamaican films released in that country are like , but apparently third world cop's honors are well deserved . brian matherly - bmath2000@hotmail . com the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
as the film opens up , expectant unwed mother sally ( played by drew barrymore ) encounters her baby's father in a fast food drive-through window . after he gets his milkshake , he drives off , only to be pursued by a military helicopter . from this moment forward , you know that this isn't going to be your run-of-the-mill romantic comedy . home fries tells the tale of the relationship between sally and dorian ( played by luke wilson ) , a helicopter pilot who has a different kind of connection with sally . . . more than he would care to admit ( hint : it has something to do with the father of sally's unborn child ) . after taking a personal ( and professional ) interest in her , he finds work at the local fast food restaurant at which she works , and the fun goes on from there . this movie is a lot of fun . it is comedic on two levels , as a romantic comedy and a dark comedy . the romantic moments are sweet , yet not sappy . one of the more poignant moments is when dorian accompanies sally to lamaze classes . however , the dark comedic moments are more memorable . this is also a tale of revenge , and a funny one at that . the father of sally's unborn child also happened to be a married man , whose wife is played by catherine o'hara . she does a wonderful portrayal of a jealous wife who is targeting the person who had an affair , and is not above getting other people to do her dirty work . ( my apologies if this sounds cryptic , but there is too much of the plot to give away ) . rounding out the cast are jake busey as angus , dorian's overzealous brother and daryl mitchell as roy , dorian's trainer at the fast food restaurant . the dialogue is sharp and not filled with sappy overtones , even with the romantic nature of the plot . if there are any complaints , it is over drew barrymore's performance . while she does light up the screen , there are moments when she doesn't seem all that convincing . the movie was filmed in texas , and most of the characters have southern texan accents . drew barrymore's accent tends to come and go ( luke wilson doesn't seem to have this problem ) . as well , she seems awfully agile for a woman that is eight months pregnant . still , this movie is one that will please many viewers . with plot twists galore and hilarious dark moments , this is sure to entertain . 
starring campbell scott , rebecca pidgeon , steve martin , ricky jay , ben gazzara , and felicity huffman . i was originally going to give the spanish prisoner two and half stars . from my first viewing , i noticed that david mamet's film was intense and clever at times but boring and cliched at other times especially at the beginning . from my second viewing however , i noticed that mamet's script was actually a masterpiece . the spanish prisoner , like the usual suspects or chinatown , begs for the viewer's complete attention . miss a scene or even a small detail , and you could miss the meaning of the entire film . also like the aforementioned films , it rewards its viewer for paying attention by delivering a surprising and memorable ending . mamet is success doing again what he once tackled in 1987 when he wrote and directed house of games . like his past gem , the spanish prisoner fools the audience as much ( or even more ) than the victim . because we were deceived just like the victim , we feel a strong attachment to the main character and consequently are more interested in the film . mamet has the talent of not completely ending a film gift wrapped , but rather leaving some ambiguity towards the end . the power that he has in forcing the viewer to determine who the good guys and bad guys are once the film is over , without giving a right answer , is unique and ingenious . the spanish prisoner will leave you seriously puzzled and intrigued . after seeing the film again , i noticed that the details mamet uses are so incredibly accurate it is frightening . his direction is very subtle ; as he leaves so many clues explaining what is going on and who is who but it is still very difficult to tell what exactly is happening even if you see all of them , or think you see all of them . the story follows a young up and coming businessman , joe ross , ( campbell scott ) who has just created a mysterious and lucrative " process " that everyone is trying to get their hands on . soon ross does not know who he can trust or who is after his " process . " through his journey ross meets a number of mysterious characters : the rich and popular jimmy dell , a secretary who has a huge crush on ross , and ross' boss mr . klein . played by steve martin , rebecca pidgeon , and ben gazarra respectively , the supporting cast is very solid especially martin , who deserved an oscar nomination for his commanding and manipulative role . the most interesting character in the film , though , was campbell scott's joe ross . the character's transformation from an ingenuous and polite rookie to a paranoid veteran is very apparent and justifiable . david mamet's script is so interesting because we know people don't actually talk like the characters in the film , yet we feel so connected to some of them . his beguiling style could fool any viewer up for the challenge . this is a must see , for those interested in solving a complex puzzle of a movie . 
for more reviews and movie news , visit http : //www . joblo . com/plot : a young man who loves heavy metal music and especially the band steel dragon , to whom he's devoted a tribute band in which he sings , gets launched into stardom when the real group get rid of their lead singer and call on him to take his place . critique : i'm a sucker for movies like this . a young man with a humble background and lofty dreams , works hard , devotes the time , the energy and the patience , and ultimately hits it big-time . in the case of this film , our boy loves a certain heavy metal band and as luck would have it ( yup , luck always finds its way into these types of equations , although generally tied very closely to hard work ) , they need a new singer . his entry and adaptation to the whole " rock 'n roll " lifestyle fills the rest of the film and is really fun to watch . although i will preface this by saying that one thing that would definitely enhance your appreciation for this film is your own love ( or past love ) of heavy metal music and the whole scene around it . metal was one of my first loves as a teen and even though the genre of music isn't that prominent anymore , i still check out my motley crue , twisted sister and anthrax cds every now and again . that's not to say that you won't like this film if you don't like the music , but the music and live performances from the band , play a big part in the movie , and i for one , had a blast watching and listening to it all . but the even greater draw in this film is the standout performance given here by mark wahlberg . wow , hand this fella some major props , as he totally becomes this heavy metal geek/god ( incidentally , metal god was the film's original title , and a much better one if you ask me ) . he is this movie and i was quite taken by his character pretty much the whole way through . he came off like a regular guy with extremely passionate goals and work ethic , who was willing to do anything in order to fulfill his dreams . aniston was also surprisingly good as the girlfriend ( and the romance angle between them was sweet ) , but she didn't pull me in hard enough during their emotional scenes . i was also impressed by some of the " real " musicians who played in the film ( zakk wylde from ozzy osbourne , jeff pilson from dokken , stephan jenkins from third eye blind , blas elias from slaughter ) , but actor dominic west as kirk cuddy made the biggest impression among the band members . it's to note that this film was based on a real-life tale of a young man who used to sing in a judas priest cover band and then went on to become their actual singer ( their original singer also admitted to being gay , as in this film ) . just for the record , i'm certainly not recommending this film for its originality or surprise elements , since most of this stuff has already been covered in some way or another in other movies , but because it's a fun , uplifting , well-paced movie with a solid central showing by wahlberg and energetic live performances . oh yeah , and for those who dig the " heavier " side of music , the soundtrack also rocks ! ! you see . . . dreams can come true . . . where's joblo coming from ? almost famous ( 8/10 ) - blow ( 8/10 ) - boogie nights ( 9/10 ) - detroit rock city ( 8/10 ) - girlfight ( 6/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 ) 
countries and legal systems that take the rule of law principle seriously , had forbidden judges and juries to make judgements in all matters that could involve them personally . luckily , movie reviewers aren't burdened with such legislation . otherwise , small pool of very special movies would be forever ignored by this reviewer . in case of star wars , 1977 science fiction epic by george lucas , the consequences would be even more severe , because that film is very special for tens of millions , if not hundreds of millions of fans . in any case , objectivity is something seldom seen in star wars reviews , because undisputed majority of reviewers rate it as one of the best , if not the best film of all times . those who don't usually have some difficulties in hiding their artistic snobbery . the author of this review must also concede his inability to use cold , objective standards in reviewing this film . like so many previous reviewers , i must note that i watched star wars for the first time twenty years ago , and that i remained enchanted by the experience ever since . perhaps it was childlike fascination with , until then unimaginable , wonders that happened long time ago , in a galaxy far away . or perhaps it was the rush i felt minutes before the opening shots , with my expectations already pumped up by serialised comic books and novelisation i had read before . anyway , watching of star wars was one of the most important movie going experiences of my life . and it was also unmatched for many years to come , because very few movies managed to have such a strong impact on me like george lucas' epic . star wars wasn't just important movie for me ( or the millions of fans who probably share the same sentiment ) . it was the defining moment in the history of modern cinema . until than , american motion picture industry was in a limbo ; social turmoil in 1960s practically destroyed the old hollywood , and new authors filled the void , mostly by using hollywood's financial and technical resources to create serious , " personal " or " artsy " movies . as a result , audience , traumatised of dark reality of vietnam and watergate , didn't want to see the same dark and serious content on the silver screen . george lucas with its science fiction epic was among the first to come into rescue . the audience responded with unprecedented enthusiasm , and huge financial success of the movie , later backed by supplement industry of toys , books , comics , role playing games and other merchandise , slowly began to change the face of hollywood . serious , adult movies with artistic ambitions faded into oblivion , and were replaced by industrial products of " blockbuster " philosophy . one of the biggest casualties of that trend was the science fiction movie genre . until 1977 , science fiction movies were mostly in b-production domain . in late 1960s , bigger budgets for science fiction didn't look so strange anymore , thanks to the great success of 2001 : a space odyssey . but the same success coincided with the surge of pesimism , and hollywood science fiction was as bleak as the rest of its production - mostly dark , dystopic movies . however , in 1977 star wars showed once and for all that this genre can be inspiration for popular movies , even among the audience that usually doesn't like it . as a result , seriousness in cinematic science fiction began fading away , although some good , dark and cult quality sf and continued to be filmed until early 1980s . after that , science fiction continued to be considered a synonym for family entertainment . ironically , the man responsible for star wars was in its time considered to be member of " new hollywood " generation of young movie authors who made " artsy " and " personal " films in early 1970s . george lucas established himself with the dystopic sf movie thx 1138 , and nostalgic drama american graffiti . both movies were considered " personal " in its time , despite latter one becoming very popular . in a sense , star wars is an also very " personal " film , and the thorny way to the final production shows that commercial considerations were against it , not for it . but unlike many " personal " movies of the era , its " personality " was in line with the wishes of the general audience . the plot , set " a long time ago , in a galaxy far away " , begins in a time of civil war . the evil empire is threatened by rebels who want to restore the old republic . in order to quash any opposition , the empire had built death star , superweapon powerful enough to destroy whole planets . the information about death star , acquired by rebel intelligence , is being transported by princess leia organa ( carrie fisher ) when her ship gets intercepted by imperial cruiser . princess is arrested by imperial warlord darth vader ( played by david prowse and voice by james earl jones ) , but the information is being sent to nearby desert planet of tatooine via two humanoid robots - c3po ( anthony daniels ) and r2d2 ( kenny baker ) . those two robots are sold to the family of luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) , young restless man who wants to leave his farm and become space pilot . his adventure begins when r2d2 escapes , because the information must reach mysterious local hermit obi wan kenobi ( alec guiness ) . old man is actually the last surviving jedi knight , member of the ancient order that defended republic through the use of mystical force . after some hesitation , luke agrees to join obi wan in his mission to save the princess , while the old man would teach him the ways of the force . their small band comes to the colourful spaceport of moss eisely , where they hire the spaceship owned by rogue pilot han solo ( harrison ford ) and his furry sidekick chewbacca ( peter mayhew ) . critics who don't like the movie , especially those who can't forgive lucas for his contribution to the quashing of " new hollywood " , are prone to point the lack of originality . on the surface , they might be right ; lucas himself admits that he found a lot of inspiration in the lore of old hollywood - westerns , wwii aviation movies , old sf cliffhanger serials of the 1930s and 1940s ; yet the most obvious element would be akira kurosawa's samurai classic the hidden fortress . on the other hand , those who had spent last two decades studying the movie to death would say that the inspiration for star wars went even further - into collective subconscious of western civilisation ( hinted by some mild tolkien references ) . the others would find the author's element within the story - star wars could be seen as an anti- establishment film ; young , long-haired , easy going , nature-loving heroes are fighting against old , uptight and oppressive forces who use supertechnology in most demonic purposes . even out of its historical or social context , star wars is an impressive as a strictly technical piece of the seven art . george lucas' direction is very good , with the clever editing and a well-paced segments between action and dramatic buildup . characters are well-drawn and deliver all the necessary ingredients , both for the space opera and hollywood blockbuster . we have a " coming-of-age " hero , damsel-in-distress ( somewhat toned down due to the popular feminist trends of the time ) , reluctant helper , benevolent mentor , diabolical villain and , finally , comic relief in form of two non-human characters . some of the actors are very good - alec guiness in his most famous role to date , james earl jones whose voice is enough to cause unease , peter cushing as an incarnation of pure evil in human form . unfortunately , the same can't be said for the main leads - among the main trio of mark hamill , carrie fisher and harrison ford , only the last one had the character three-dimensional enough to launch his further acting career . the thing that looked like the most important segment of star wars phenomena during its initial release was the new level of special effects technology . often comparisons with 2001 : space odyssey , another ground-breaking sf film , were citing the sheer number of effects as a proof of the lucas' superiority over kubrick . however , the special effects by john dykstra and john stears are indeed impressive , even after two decades ( although 1997 special edition did improve them significantly ) , yet they aren't the most remembered trademark of the movie . that honour should definitely go to the " oscar " -winning soundtrack by john williams , whose work on star wars is probably the brightest gem in his brilliant career . newer generations of viewers might be somewhat deprived of the enchantment that still holds those lucky enough to witness star wars original release . yet , even if they are immune to the george lucas' magic they should watch this film nevertheless , perhaps only to become familiar with something that is essential part of contemporary culture . 
dimension / 2 : 00 / 1997 / r ( gore , violence , language ) cast : neve campbell ; courteney cox ; david arquette ; jamie kennedy ; jerry o'connell ; elise neal ; timothy olyphant ; liev schreiber ; sara michelle gellar ; laurie metcalf ; jada pinkett ; omar epps ; lewis arquette ; duane martin ; heather graham ; tori spelling director : wes craven screenplay : kevin williamson ( dimension films , " scream 2 " 's distributor , has asked press to say extremely little -- if anything -- about the film's twisty plot . that's no easy task considering the wit that deserves to be mentioned here , but i will do my best to be vague ( now , there's a first ) . ) " the first one was [good] , but all the rest sucked , " said a cinematically-savvy teen in last winter's wes craven thriller " scream , " her statement referring to the films of the " nightmare on elm street " series but really putting down franchise overkill in general . the comment certainly carries clout : for every truly great sequel , there appears to be a couple of duds , making one wonder if writers are better off sticking solely with fresh ideas . but like it or not , along comes " scream 2 . " and believe it or not , it's a doozy -- a slick , sinister , madly subversive good time at the movies , as intent on sending up hollywood's sequel syndrome as much as its prequel poked fun at slasher conventions . " scream 2 " is definitely that rare movie thing -- a follow-up that can stand along side its original with pride . it's been two years since a pair of overzealous horror movie fans clad in edvard munch-esque get-ups carved their way through the young populace of woodsboro , california . those surviving the ordeal have gotten on with their lives . plucky heroine sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) is a drama student at the midwestern windsor college ; her pop culture-whiz pal randy meeks ( jamie kennedy ) has tagged along . trash tabloid reporter gale weathers ( courteney cox ) has written a best-seller based on their ordeal , the basis of which has been turned into a ( very bad ) movie called " stab . " and dewey riley ( david arquette ) , still suffering from wounds inflicted during " scream , " has left his job as a police officer for a while . life is tranquil . . . at least for a while . several sudden murders bring sidney , randy , gale and dewey together again , but with suspicious eyes cast on each other and most of those in their surroundings -- if these four people learned anything from the past , it's to trust no one . thus , the possible victim/potential killer list includes said quartet , as well as : derek ( jerry o'connell ) , sidney's new beau ; cici ( sara michelle gellar ) , a chatty sorority gal ; joel ( duane martin ) , gale's cameraman who's not too thrilled with her blood-soaked past ; hallie ( elise neal ) , sidney's sassy roommate ; debbie ( laurie metcalf ) , a local reporter who gives gale some not-too-friendly competition ; and mickey ( timothy olyphant ) , randy's good friend and fellow film student . cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , the man sidney wrongly accused of her mother's murder in scream , also shows up on campus -- but why ? like the first scream , craven and screenwriter kevin williamson inaugurate things with a bang . this time , it's an extended sequence that finds an african-american couple ( jada pinkett and omar epps ) attending a sneak preview of " stab , " making sly references about everything from sandra bullock to the lunchmeat non-roles of blacks in slasher cinema . before tragedy ensues at the screening , the movie-within-a-movie setup allows for plenty of jokey moments , including a scene from " stab " which turns scream's now-famous drew barrymore prologue on its ear . ( " b---- , hang up the phone and star-69 his a-- ! " pinkett yells at the screen . ) it's funny , creepy stuff ( i don't think i'll ever feel safe in a movie theater again ) that effectively foreshadows the ratio of smart scares and spoofy laughs down the road . another flawless example of this is a riotous cell phone-assault of the killer on randy , dewey and gale in broad daylight ; it builds comedically and ends with genuine terror because of the emotional investment made on these delicious characters . there are other superb set pieces , but explaining them risks ruining their effect . there are more players this time around as to provide both a higher number suspects and a staggering body count . it's something of a trade-in -- the new characters are too large in number to be as fully-developed as the original " scream " gang , but this movie packs in knowing performances ( especially by kennedy and cox ) and more death for your dollar . it can be argued that , while the original might outclass it by a tad , scream 2 is both scarier and funnier . it certainly doesn't skimp with shocks -- a major one being the killing of one cast member very near and dear to my heart ( i actually questioned craven and williamson's judgment here , considering how much this person has added to these films ) . sometimes you wish that more could have been done with stab -- the two scenes we're shown are dead-on -- but for film fans , there are plenty of subtle nods to movies like " the usual suspects , " " aliens " and " the empire strikes back . " still , " scream 2 " does so many things right , it's petty to quibble . its penchant for parody is irresistible , discussions of the merits of film sequels and all . the attractive , solid cast is a definite bonus . and the denouement ( while not as shocking as " scream " 's ) is priceless ; the film's final revelation incorporates bits of a particular horror film prominently referred to in " scream " with one of the best bad guy motives ever put on paper . all this and a " scream 3 " is in the works . knowing the series' tendency for self-reference , perhaps one of its characters will again discuss the concept of sequel justice . mentioning " scream 2 " 'll help them in their argument . © 1997 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ 
after sixteen years francis ford copolla has again returned to his favorite project , making the third installment in the godfather-trilogy . this new film has been underrated for no reason . it is as intellectual and majestically made as copolla's pervious films . it is also more psychological , pessimistic and more tragic than the first two . the only regret is the unconvincing performance by the newcomer sofia copolla and some " unfinished " developments of some characters . the film elegantly begins with nino rota's recognizable musical score , the beautiful skyscrapers of new york and michael's voice as he is writing a letter to his children : " the only wealth in this world is children . more than all money and power on earth , you are my treasure " . the year is 1979 and michael corleone has used the time since the ending of " part ii " to make his father's dream come true - making the corleone family legitimate . michael sold all his casinos and invests only in gambling . constantly haunted by the past , his only reason to live is his children . the family has amassed unimaginable wealth , and as the film opens michael corleone ( al pacino ) is being invested with a great honor by the church . later that day , at a reception , his daughter announces a corleone family gift to the church and the charities of sicily , " a check in the amount of $100 million . " but the corleones are about to find , as others have throughout history , that you cannot buy forgiveness . sure , you can do business with evil men inside the church , for all men are fallible and capable of sin . but god does not take payoffs . the plot of the movie , concocted by coppola and mario puzo in a screenplay inspired by headlines , brings the corleone family into the inner circles of corruption in the vatican . there is a moment in " godfather iii " where michael says : " all my life i have been trying to go up in society , where everything was legal . but the higher i go , the crookier it becomes . . " . visually this film is as spectacular as the first two . gordon willis' rich cinematography , carmine copolla's beautiful composition and alex tavoularis' wonderful art direction could not be better . but copolla's first two godfather-films were more famous for their deep , intellectual plots , tree dimensional characters and incredible acting , than for their visual perfection . the third installment has only the plot and visuals . some characters could be much more developed and the acting , although good , never accomplishes to reach the same height of the first two films . the biggest miscasting is sofia copolla , who is so unconvincing and unemotional that she manages to ruin several scenes throughout the movie , that could have been grander and more emotional . the best performance comes unsurprisingly from al pacino , who should have got a nomination for best actor at the oscars . andy garcia is powerful as sonny's son , strong , focused and loyal . violence is natural to him . he suffers no pangs of conscience when he takes revenge on his family's behalf , and in this he is supposed to be strong in the uncomplicated way don vito corleone was . however both kay ( diane keaton ) and connie ( talia shire ) are useless . and characters like vito corleone and tom hagen are really missed . the good part is that michael is again reunited with old friends , that you remember from the first and second films . in the third film michael has become almost like his father , vito in the first film and vincenzo resembles michael when he was much younger . this parallel could be more interesting if vincenzo's character was more developed . many have pointed out that making the third film , was unnecessary . i disagree . it is a beautiful film of great importance , completing the tragic saga of the corleone family . the first film showed some horrible results of corleone's life . it showed michael making a choice ; the second showed a man damning himself for his choices and feeling the impact of changing times . a man desperately trying to keep his balance , focus , family and sanity , while everything is crashing all around him . the third film is a terrifying conclusion - a result of michael's life . the life he chose for himself is like quicksand - one wrong step and you are doomed . there is no turning back . and no matter how hard you try to get out of it , to free yourself , no matter how powerful and wealthy you are , you are helpless - sinking deeper and deeper till it swallows you completely . the beautifully directed last sequence is also the powerful climax of the film , when michael is sitting alone in his chair , left by everyone , surrounded by emptiness and memories of his friends and family members long dead . here he dies - alone , miserable and unforgiven 
finding the courage to face life full-on is a difficult task . summoning up the audacity to fall in love is a harder job . if you're a total jerk like melvin udall is , the odds are even more against you . melvin ( jack nicholson ) is a successful romance author who is just the opposite of what you would expect someone in that profession to be . a solitary man hidden away in his new york apartment with no human interaction and not even a hint of ever having been in a passionate relationship , he avoids the outside world as much as possible . his obsessive-compulsive disorder rules his life as he uses several different bars of soap to wash his hands and refuses to step on a crack on the sidewalk . ( there's a great scene when he has to cross a floor made of mosaic tiles -- _very_small_ mosaic tiles . ) melvin has some great lines . when his publisher's receptionist asks him how he writes women so well in his books , he responds " i think of men and i take away reason and accountability . " don't get him wrong , he's not merely a misogynist . setting his sights higher than that , he's also a homophobe , racist , anti-semite , xenophobe , animal-hater and intensely dislikes people who talk in metaphors . when we first meet him , he's busy dumping a neighbor's dog down the garbage chute . he's an equal opportunity bigot . he does venture outside his apartment every day to eat breakfast at a local cafe . melvin is such a grouchy curmudgeon that waitress carol connelly ( helen hunt ) is the only one willing to wait on him . and she's none too happy about it . when carol doesn't show up for work , melvin's routine is shot and he's determined to do something about it . tracking down her address , he shows up at her place begging her to come back to work so that he can eat breakfast . the fact that she's a poor single mother caring for a chronically ill son doesn't appear to phase him , he wants his food . much more upsetting is that his gay artist neighbor simon bishop ( greg kinnear ) is brutally attacked during a robbery . this doesn't upset melvin much ( " don't worry , you'll be back on your knees in no time " ) but when he is bullied into taking care of simon's dog , his life is turned topsy-turvey . melvin is sequestered because he's afraid of what's out there on the other side of his apartment door . he has to make sure it's ritualistically locked three times to keep the world on its proper side . when he brings the dog home he reluctantly grows fond of it , talking to it and taking it everywhere he goes . this little crack in his emotional armor opens him up . hiding behind his need for carol to return to work so she can serve him , he pays for a specialist to treat her son . he even develops a friendship with simon . all three people are heavily damaged . melvin has retreated from life in his apartment . carol has devoted herself to her son , convinced that she has to give up her life for him . simon is estranged from his parents and his friends disappear when he is hospitalized and his money runs out . a more unlikely trio to form relationships , you'd rarely see . and in the midst of it all , there are some wonderful moments . melvin is hilarious in his grouchiness and touching as he attempts to be nice . " you make me want to be a better man , " he tells her . one of the best aspects is that even as he opens up , he is still a curmudgeon . carol , afraid that his monetary contribution to the wellness of her son hides a hidden agenda rushes over to his apartment in the rain to explain in no uncertain terms that she will never sleep with him . it only takes her a second to realize that she is delivering that statement while looking as if she just left a wet t-shirt contest . there's hardly anything left to say about jack nicholson . i don't remember ever seeing him in anything less than a stellar performance and his over-the-edge melvin is no disappointment . nicholson may be the best actor working today . hunt does a commendable job matching nicholson's energy . she isn't afraid to be seen as something less than a babe and her portrayal of exhausted run-down carol struggling with seemingly overwhelming obligations is top-notch . their on-screen chemistry is a bit odd . each does a wonderful job with the character , but together , there's something a little off . it's a minor problem : they do work well together , but that missing element is what prevents this from being a four-star film . director james l . brooks ( " terms of endearment " , " broadcast news " ) has a movie that is picking up awards by the bucketsful ( nominees for all the top golden globes , winners from the national board of review , inevitable oscars ) and has a winner on his hands . " as good as it gets " isn't exactly the quality that the title says , but it's pretty darn close . ( michael redman has written this column for over 22 years and as soon as he finishes this one , he's off to an annual 12 night celebration typically held in freezing weather during a snowstorm . this year it's in the sixties and raining . that wacky el nino . ) [this appeared in the 1/8/98 " bloomington voice " , bloomington , indiana . michael redman can be contacted at redman@bvoice . com] -- mailto : redman@bvoice . com this week's film review at http : //www . bvoice . com/ film reviews archive at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? michael%20redman 
starring : matt damon , ben affleck , linda fiorentino , chris rock , alan rickman , janeane garofalo , jason lee , jason mewes , kevin smith director : kevin smith written by : kevin smith in the north america of the late 90's , a time and place wherein the description " devout catholic " is an oxymoron , you wouldn't think a film like dogma would have had trouble finding a distributor , much less require the painfully self-embarrassed disclaimer which precedes it . surely even the most pious , guilt-ridden rc couldn't possibly take offense to something smith rightly calls a " comic fantasy , " something so purposely irreverent it rivals the great schism for sheer , laugh-out-loud ludicrousness . i mean , come on . we're talking about a movie that features damon and affleck as fallen angels ( complete with really fake-looking wings ) who discover a policy loophole that will either allow them to get back into heaven with a clean slate-- or cause the obliteration of everything , depending on whom you ask . we're talking about dusky-voiced fiorentino as a heroine whose family tree contains more 'begot's than the book of genesis , and chris rock as " rufus , the thirteenth apostle , " who insists he was written out of the bible because he's black . we're talking about inspired bits of ironic casting like alanis morissette as god , or better yet , george carlin as a cardinal who interprets jesus' " let the children come unto me , " as " get 'em when they're young . " we're talking about stoners jay and silent bob ( jason mewes and smith , who show up as these same characters in every smith movie ) as prophets , fer chrissakes . by all rights , a film this goofy should have inspired nothing more than simple indifference , and not just in catholics . yet for the most part , it all clicks . damon and affleck are ideal as millennia-old buddies ; their scenes together have a seemingly effortless , comfortable ease , and they even get to poke fun at speculation about their offscreen relationship . certain corporate idolaters are slammed mercilessly , to hilarious effect . even jay's juvenile , expletive-riddled banter , annoying as it can be , often provides a shockingly funny counterpoint when the going threatens to get serious . the film does lose some steam in the late going , however , and the ending doesn't match the promise of the first half . still , dogma ends up being a thoughtful and heartfelt expression of smith's simple message about the difference between ideas and beliefs , faith and religion , and why we're all here . 
release date : january 8 , 1999 starring : gwyneth paltrow , joseph fiennes , geoffrey rush , ben affleck , colin firth , judi dench , tom wilkinson , rupert everett directed by : john madden distributed by : miramax films mpaa rating : r ( sexuality , nudity , brief profanity ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1999/shakespeare . htm the only historical figure that has been written about more than william shakespeare is jesus christ , which explains why the bard's materials are such a popular source for remakes , revisions , rewrites , inspiration , subtlety , credit , and dispute . indeed , in recent years , american contemporary cinema has been swamped with a wash of shakespearean products . including this year's upcoming a midsummer night's dream , shakespeare's material has been the cause for twenty-six big screen productions since 1990 . but for a change of pace , mrs . brown director john madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the wonderfully vibrant shakespeare in love . marc norman and tom stoppard's story is largely fantasy , although as the viewer soon learns , shakespeare in love is not a movie that takes itself seriously . ( will shakespeare of the 1590's would've been married to anne hathaway , and he would've had a teenage daughter and two young sons ; here he is a bachelor played by joseph fiennes . ) will is a writer struggling to come up with a great play , and his current comedy in the works -- " romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter " -- just doesn't quite seem right . with the help of the great writer christopher marlowe ( rupert everett ) , and the inspiration of true love with noblewoman viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) , he changes things around and writes one of his greatest tragedies , " romeo and juliet . " the love story between will and viola loosely parallels the story of romeo and juliet , to great effect . fiennes and paltrow develop a sexy chemistry as the two lovers which gives the movie much momentum ; this momentum smoothes out the bumps in the unfinished and largely unsuccessful comedy . the supporting roles are well filled out , from geoffrey rush as will's worrisome agent , philip , to tom wilkinson as the producer hugh fennyman . even ben affleck , leading the troupe of actors , manages to make a favorable impression ; and judi dench lends some brief moments of screen time as queen elizabeth i . gwyneth paltrow is by far , however , the standout of the lot , creating a large percentage of the forementioned vibrance . the story is well-crafted if nothing else , although it has dangerous moments where it flirts with the " let's make a movie " -genre . the dialogue is breezy and lighthearted , and certainly accessible by the audience's lowest common denominator . there's something for everyone in this romantic comedy , making it prime date flick material . although certainly not inspiring in any regard , it revels in a wholesome , well-rounded atmosphere that has been absent in many of 1998's pictures ; the true-love story is one of the best around . certainly recommendable when the traditional slew of indifferent year's-open releases is just around the corner . 
a civil action  . directed , written , executive-produced by steven zaillian . from the book by jonathan harr . photography , conrad l . hall . editing , wayne wahrman . production design , david gropman . music , danny elfman . produced by scott rudin , robert redford and rachel pfeffer . cast : john travolta ( jan schlichtmann ) , robert duvall ( jerome facher ) , tony shalhoub ( kevin conway ) , william h . macy ( james gordon ) , zeljko ivanek ( bill crowley ) , bruce norris ( william cheeseman ) , kathleen quinlan ( anne anderson ) , peter jacobson ( neil jacobs ) , mary mara ( kathy boyer ) , james gandolfini ( al love ) , stephen fry ( pinder ) , dan hedaya ( john riley ) , sydney pollack ( al eustis ) , et al . a touchstone release . 113 minutes . pg-13 . in these days of lawyer-jokes , the legal profession could use some redemption . it comes in " a civil action , " which is excellent , intelligent , touching , complex , impeccably scripted , directed , produced and beautifully served by all its performers . it's a true story , one that gave birth to a prize-winning book . in the 1970s , in woburn , mass . , many children died of leukemia . it was a mystery for most people , but not for their parents who identified the culprit : water polluted --better yet , poisoned--by two industrial giants , the grace co , and beatrice foods . the boston firm of jean schlichtmann ( travolta ) , a personal-injury lawyer ( aka an ambulance chaser ) is doing very well . when the children's families ask him to take their case , travolta politely declines . on the way to woburn in his speeding porsche , he gets a ticket . on the way back , whether by cinematic device or real coincidence-- i cannot tell , but it matters little--comes a second ticket , next to the very location of the toxic dumping . is schlichtmann having an epiphany ? does it dawn on him that a win over the mega-corporations could fill his firm's coffers ? is it a combination of both ? hard to tell . but he takes the case and , in the long run , becomes haunted by it , to the point that he and his associates have to keep borrowing from banks , mortgaging their possessions , homes , insurance policies , and going broke . the fluid , meticulous but unforced script and direction are by steven zaillian , who rightly jumped to fame with his scenario for schindler's list . his credits also include the writing ( from other true-story books ) the hospital-based awakenings , and the search for bobby fisher ( zaillian's first directorial job ) about a child who was a chess prodigy . all those titles , plus the scenario for the fictional jack the bear , are of works that move and highlight zaillian's unquestionable compassion . he moves you without resorting to kitsch , phony dramatics , manipulation of emotions . a civil action avoids flamboyance , yet shines by its empathy for human misery . it is also a great thriller-plus-courtroom drama , superior because of its ( mostly ) low-key approach , its refusal to yield to flashy dramatics , its exceptionally good characterizations , whether full-blown or just sketched in . at the root of the film we have a david and goliath story of common working-class people against corporate king kongs , and of a small law firm versus the infinite funds of grace and beatrice . the latter's platoons of lawyers are headed by a powerhouse memorably --if a little too colorfully-- played by robert duvall , a prince of foxes . every moment counts in the suspenseful depiction of who will outsmart whom , which strings will be pulled . each deposition is a self-contained , mesmerizing drama . we are made painfully conscious that this david is not the biblical one ; that lawsuits seldom win outright ; that the whole procedure is a preamble to settlements ; that of fifty appeals , only five win in the courts . of course , the film gets its momentum and its thrills from the use of the tricks of the movie trade , but these are in pastels rather than screaming colors . from photography to editing , from framing to continuity , from dialogue or confrontations to the first-rate score by danny elfman , the picture remains discreet and unexplosive . to put the movie in a historical context , we are , in a sense , in postmodern , post-post-post-frank capra populist territory of the little people and the masters of the land , all framed by the fact-of-life that justice and the law are far from synonymous . details are chosen with extraordinary care , from repressed tearfulness , to the gradual impoverishment of the smaller law-firm , to the harvard club encounter of travolta and grace's ceo . he is wonderfully , quirkily played by director sydney pollack . as for travolta --or should i say lazarus ? -- i'll just say that he continues his extraordinary comeback like a speeding bullet . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
don't you love it how low budget independent movies absolutely amaze you every so often ? " swingers " is that kind of movie . with a hilarious witty plot , and great acting , i fell in love with this little gem . not since watching " reservoir dogs " have i ever seen a low budget independent ( and under hyped ) flick that i enjoyed this much . " swingers " tells the story of young l . a . twenty something guys , who , among other activities , cruise for dates and love . they hit on women at bars , they swagger and act tough . they constantly talk to each other ( in rapid fire woody allen talk no less ) about the art of picking up women . the irony of " swingers " though , is that these guys are a hopeless case in finding love , women are usually repelled away from their machismo , not attracted to it . it's a great and witty plot , and watching these guys stumble over themselves is wonderful . in addition , the male stars of the movie , mike ( jon favreau ) , trent ( vince vaughn ) , rob ( ron livingston ) and sue ( patrick van horn ) all act wonderfully . whether it's mike ranting and raving about his ex-girlfriend , or trent comparing the directors scorcese and tarentino to each other , or sue playing far too competitively in a video game , it's hilarious . finally , little touches in the movie made it even more interesting to me . for example , in one of the funnier scenes of the movie , we watch mike completely blow a potential date by leaving message after message on her answering machine late at night . later on , when mike gets another lucky phone number , if the audience pays close attention they can see that the camera angles , music , etc . is exactly the same as in the earlier scene botched by mike . it's a great idea , as the audience can't help but cringe at the possibility of poor mike screwing up his chance for love again . in addition , we see several nods to tarentino's " reservoir dogs " , whether a poster of " mr . blonde " in the background , or a spoof of " reservoir dogs " 's famous slow motion intro sequence . finally , the movie wraps up neatly with a cool and well done ending . all in all , " swingers " blows away the far majority of any " blockbusters " that have come out this summer . i highly recommend it . nick's rating : + 4 ( highly recommended ) movies rated from -4 ( worst ) to + 4 ( best ) , 0 = average rating * * * 
while it was part of former yugoslavia , my country , croatia , used to be almost completely ignored by western films in general . words " croatia " and " croatians " were unheard , even in movies whose plots actually took place on croatian locations . the rare exception was the dogs of war , 1980 adaptation of frederick forsyth's bestselling novel , yet that rare occasion only added insult to the injury , by mentioning croatians in most unflattering context . in a single line they are referred as a bunch of mean people , probably terrorists , who happen to remove parts of arm dealers' stomachs when they are unsatisfied with the quality of merchandise . same line also illustrates the milieu where the movie takes place - dark and violent world of shady international deals with the blurred boundaries between business , politics and crime . the movie protagonist , shannon ( christopher walken ) is a mercenary who spent the best years of his life fighting numerous little wars all over the globe . his latest job is a intelligence mission for powerful mining corporation that demands information about political climate in west african nation of zangaro . shannon arrives in that country only to find oppressive regime of president kimba , bloodthirsty madman whose brutality crushed any opposition and scared almost any westerners away . after being arrested and tortured by kimba's secret police , shannon leaves country with a help of british journalist north ( colin blakely ) . upon return , he is approached by mining company again , but this time they want him to plan and execute the coup d'etat against kimba . shannon reluctantly agrees and assembles small group of his surviving mercenary friends who begin meticulous preparation for another small war . thing that separates the dogs of war from conventional action movies , especially those made in 1980s , is its authenticity , almost close to documentary . it shouldn't surprise anyone , because the author of the novel , frederick forsyth , made reputation by blending fiction with real life , thus creating interesting , exciting yet very believable plots for his books . those plots were also responsible for few very successful 1970s thrillers , and one of them , zinnemman's the day of the jackal , is now considered a classic in that genre . this one deals with soldiers of fortune , ancient tradition that was resurrected in great turmoil of 1960s and 1970s and filled the void left by vanishing colonial empires . unlike wild geese , that used it as a pretext for conventional action adventure , script by george malko and gary de vore ( author whose death last year became real life mystery ) is serious , and instead of action puts emphasis on characters and prosaic details of their work . the movie doesn't try to romanticise the mercenary profession nor glorify mercenaries as some kind of superheroes ; they are simply shown as deadly yet expendable tool of powerful forces with questionable agenda . christopher walken played in many movies , yet very rarely we can see him in a leading role . his performance in this film perhaps isn't breathtaking , yet adequate . his notoriously expressionless face is perfect illustration of the disillusioned , world- weary man whose alienation from the " normal " way of life becomes complete and only remaining ideal is loyalty to the shrinking circle of friends . although the movie doesn't lack capable actors , their roles are miniature compared with walken's , and only colin blakely as cynical reporter has opportunity to portray his character . however , those who look familiar faces would find them plenty in the dogs of war - tom berenger , paul freeman , jo beth williams , victoria tennant ( in brief cameo ) , and biggest surprise is ed o'neill ( of married with children fame ) as shannon's reluctant colleague . this was the first major production for john irvin , and it shows why he earned the reputation of capable , yet second class director . with the good script he can make very good movie , with the bad script he can make real mess . luckily , the dogs of war had a good script . irvin's direction was very ascetic and it gave the movie almost documentary feel . the only distraction is dramatic music of geoffrey burgon , used on the wrong places . in the final battle scene , where we can see mercenaries at work , irvin shows us that modern warfare means superior firepower and tactics , unlike 1980s ramboesque fantasies that rely on macho superheroes . unfortunately , by making battle realistic irvin made it somewhat less attractive and his sloppy editing also didn't help . but , despite those shortcomings , this movie remains interesting and rare combination of action thriller and gritty , realistic political drama . 
it seems to me that critics and audiences have become so tired of the same old kind of movies , that they now turn to anything remotely different and acclaim it as though it were the greatest film ever made . this would seem to be the case with " the blair witch project " . while certainly innovative , and contains a few genuinely creepy scenes , most of the film seems to revolve around watching three teens bicker out in the woods . three students set out for a small town in maryland which is home to a legend , the legend of the blair witch . first interviewing the townspeople , they eventually decide to head into the woods to find the site of the witch's killings . the three travel through the woods for days , becoming lost and eventually turning on each other . the whole time , something in the woods stalks them . leaving small symbols at first , the stalker becomes more and more bold and eventually openly attacks , dragging one off in the night . it seems that the majority of people feel fully one way or another about this film . either they think it's one ofthe greatest ever made , or is an utter piece of garbage they can't believe they were dragged to . i , on the other hand , am fairly divided about this movie . as i said earlier , it's a truly innovative film . shot entirely as though it were lost footage shot with a home camera , it does seem quite realistic . however , if you suffer easily from motion sickness , stay far away . there are also a few scenes which are quite eerie . the two that stick out most in my mind are the conclusion , and a scene where the group stumbles across hundreds of figures made out of sticks in a section of woods . now , on to the items that really couldn't stand . one thing which i simply can't believe , is that while running terrified through the woods , with some horrible thing chasing them , the kids would actually keep the camera held at eye level ! the other major problem was that between nights in the tent , when the creature in the woods harassed the group , they spent the days arguing on and on . i saw some people in the theatre begin to doze off in these scenes . some truly creepy scenes which are plagued by stretches of boring dialogue earns this movie three stars , and a reccomendation to wait for video ( but watch it with the lights off to get the true effect ) . * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick . try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad . see it if you've got nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever . see it only if you enjoy pain . e-mail with comments at : jabii@aol . com 
the promotion for fear and loathing in las vegas has made the film out to be a comedy , and for about the first hour or so it seems like it might be one . it's 1971 , and the hippie movement has left behind quite a few wash-outs , among them journalist raoul duke ( johnny depp ) and his " attorney " dr . gonzo ( benito del toro ) . these two spend most of the film in a drug-induced stupor , having strange hallucinations , trashing their hotel rooms , and either annoying or scaring almost everyone that crosses their path . duke is first assigned to cover an outdoor desert motorcycle race in las vegas , but gets lost in a blur of drugs , beer , and flying dust , and ends up wandering around with no clue who won . he leaves vegas briefly before he is sent back , in what can only be described as a strangely appropriate twist of fate , to cover a drug enforcement conference . fear and loathing has been misinterpreted by some as glorifying the use of drugs . it doesn't , even in the beginning--while the pair's antics are sometimes amusing and relatively harmless at first , the humor here is still fairly dark . director terry gilliam views them with a rather satirical eye , and even when we're laughing , we're laughing at them rather than with them . they spend most of their time paranoid , angry , or just plain befuddled , which is probably an understandable reaction to seeing the entire room suddenly fill up with giant reptiles . the black comedy may be entertaining to watch onscreen , but it's probably not something most other audience members would want to experience first-hand . all this aside , i was starting to grow a bit restless as the film drew near its one-hour mark , thinking to myself that i wanted something more out of this than just an off-kilter satire of drug culture . thankfully , the script delivers it before too long , as duke , in a rare moment of lucidity , stops to recall how he was once an enthusiastic hippie , " riding the wave " of something that seemed special and important . now it's six years later and the wave has finally broken , as he puts it . materialistic culture is still alive and well and , for most of this film , right in his face in las vegas ; the " american dream " of which duke occasionally speaks is still just as shallow and phony as ever . the social protesters have lost , and the more questionable aspects of the movement have turned ugly and left casualties such as duke to drift in a sea of drugs and disillusionment . in many ways , fear and loathing is gilliam's most reality-based film ; all of his others , with the exception of the fisher king , have made use of some sort of fantasy or science-fiction plot elements . yet it is his off-the-wall masterpiece brazil to which this film bears the most visual resemblance . the protagonist of brazil found himself alternately surrounded by a plastic , soulless society and the constant chaos of totalitarian police inspections and terrorist attacks , and similarly duke's world is composed of the artificial , empty glam of las vegas and the bizarre anarchy of his drug hallucinations . unlike the protagonist of brazil , however , duke is not a particularly admirable figure , and neither is gonzo . during the latter half of the film , their trips turn nastier and the consequences worse , eventually building up to an incident an a diner in which gonzo crudely frightens and humiliates a waitress , while duke , though he doesn't seem to approve , doesn't do anything to stop it either . by the time this scene takes place , they don't seem like hippies or peaceniks or protesters or anything of the sort any more ; they just seem like a couple of stoned jerks in a diner . duke seems to realize at some level that he's become something he doesn't like , but he's either too apathetic or too defeated to do anything to change . this film has taken a critical drubbing from many who view it as an essentially pointless film that simply throws one trip scene after another at the audience . while gilliam may have overdone it in a few places , i think he and his co-writers deserve more credit than that . there's plenty of substance here , particularly in the second half ; its observations about the broken and defeated rebels from the '60s and the objects of their rebellion just aren't usually very pleasant . unlike , say , brazil or the fisher king , both of which feature a character who dares to let himself dream in a repressive environment , fear and loathing in las vegas shows us someone who's given up on his dreams and resorts to the quick fix of drugs . in its own psychedelic , whacked-out way , it's sad and regretful , but i think it's also a bit of a kick in the pants , a challenge to find an alternative between chemically-induced withdrawal and the equally addictive drug of vegas-style materialism . indeed , duke himself admits at one point that he's never learned to accept that you can get higher without drugs than with them . i'm not sure if he's any closer to accepting it by the end or not , but i suspect the audience will get the idea . 
cast : matthew broderick [david] , ally sheedy [jennifer] , barry corbin [gen . beringer] , john wood [stephen falken] it's a fact that a good thriller or action movie doesn't need violence to be good or worth watching . all it takes is potential violence to make the audience bite their nails . and what kind of violence could be more efficient than a global thermo-nuclear war ? and potential violence is the premiss wargames is built upon . a computer whiz-kid , david , is usually contended with hacking into the school computer to change his grades . but after having read an advertisment for an upcoming computer game , he wants to be the first to play it . instead of getting into the computer at protovision software he accidentally comes to the frontgate of norad . with the help of jennifer , a girl in his biology class , he starts to play a nice game of nuclear war with wopr , war operation plan response ( a top-notch computer at the time , but now hardly faster than my own computer ) i remember being 12 and watching this at the cinema . it was very efficent at giving you a scare in those days and that hasn't changed . of course , a nuclear war seemed to be much more of something that could actually happen back in 1983 . i wouldn't be surprised if this gave people nightmares . i hope it still does since you still hear about school kids hacking into the computers at pentagon . broderick and sheedy are just fine as the young teenagers ( although her interest in david remains a mystery ) . but the rest of the actors are , by no fault of their own , restricted by the script to play one-dimensional grownups . david's parents are the same kind of parents that populate all these college comedies from the 1980s , movies like secret admirer , porky's or zapped and the norad general beringer is straight out of dr . strangelove . if for no other reason , you should see this movie to enjoy how far the computer technology has gone since those days . david uses the same telephone for calling friends as calling other computers . the modem is some kind of device that he puts the headset on . far from any 56k modem my guess is that it's some kind of 2400 bps modem , the kind of technology you now find at your local technical museum . the big computer at norad has a lot of flashing lights ( just like those you see on star trek or any old sf-movie ) but it's hardly impressing compared with what you can get today . what are the lessons we can learn from wargames ? 1 . make sure there are no secret backdoors into military computers . 2 . thank you , whoever it was , for giving us a graphical user interface when we use our computers ! 
the first thing you notice about this movie is that it's cold . placed in minnesota and north dakota during the winter , many of the scenes take place outside with long scenes of snow-covered ground against a background of white . just what we need as bloomington struggles out of the endless long cold night . as with most coen brothers films , this features outlandish characters in nefarious schemes , each of which works out in the oddest way possible . a car salesman hires a couple of hoods to kidnap his wife so that he can collect the ransom from her father . along the way everything that can possibly go wrong does . in brief scenes of vicious violence , people get shot through the head , in the back , face , chest and various other areas of the anatomy . there is also one of the most unpleasant body disposal scenes yet seen on the screen . remarkably enough , most of the movie is played for laughs . 
rated r fine line features in spanish with english subtitles starring najwa nimri , fele martinez , nacho novo , maru valdivieso , kristel diaz , victor hugo oliveira , sara valiente , peru medem , jaroslav bielski , rosa morales written and directed by julio medem julio medem's poignant , unconventional " lovers of the arctic circle " is a film that shows the viewer the earthshaking power of destiny . the film stars najwa nimri and fele martinez ( both of whom starred in this year's other spanish import " open your eyes " ) as ana and otto , two people with palindromic names who are destined to be lovers . we learn of their destinies through a series of coincidences ; coincidences that ana says , through voice-over , make up her entire life . when ana meets otto , her father has just died , and she believes that his soul has crossed over to this boy . fate then works in mysterious ways , making her mom and otto's dad fall in love . while she is still a child , she only looks up to otto in a paternal way . otto , however , is love-stricken from the first time he sees ana . his parents have just gotten a divorce and he is going through problems of his own . otto and ana bond together in their time of loss , creating a kinship based on empathy . as they become teenagers , their relationship becomes sexual , and they must try to hide their affairs from their very naive parents . as they get older , though , they begin to drift apart . the inevitable tragedy , foreshadowed in the film's first scene , draws nearer . writer/director julio medem crafts a highly poetic love story ; one that spans the circle of life . " lovers of the arctic circle " gives an entirely new spin on the age-old tale of tragic romance . the camera work is wondrous and the characters are vivid . " lovers of the arctic circle " gets my full recommendation . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
payback ( m ) . ( warner bros/village roadshow ) director : brian helgeland stars : mel gibson , gregg henry , maria bello , kris kristofferson , james coburn ( uncredited ) , david paymer , bill duke , william devane , lucy liu , deborah kara unger running time : 104 minutes . brian helgeland , the guy who wrote la confidential and conspiracy theory , finally gets the chance to direct , with this unapologetically tough and amoral crime thriller . mel gibson is largely playing against type as the tough , repellent anti-hero porter , a small time criminal who specialises in payroll heists . during a payroll robbery , porter is double crossed by his wife and her lover and left for dead . the sleazy val ( gregg henry ) , who likes his kinky sex with a sadistic edge , owes money to a shadowy criminal syndicate , known only as the outfit . porter comes looking for vengeance , hoping to recover his half of the stolen money from val , who has managed to worm his way back in with the outfit . porter's quest eventually leads him into an escalating war with the outfit and its ultimate supremo bronson ( kris kristofferson , wonderful in a small role ) . but porter has his own moral code and is only interested in getting his $70 , 000 , whatever it takes . " you're doing this for a principle ? for $70 , 000 ? " asks an astonished james coburn . " hell , my suits cost more than that ! " also caught in the cross fire are the usual underworld low life denizens , some crooked cops , and stegman ( david paymer ) , a slimy taxi despatcher and small time drug dealer with ambitions to join the outfit . in porter's world there are no innocent bystanders . porter's only ally is rosie ( er's maria bello ) , a high priced call girl for whom he has a soft spot . payback is actually a remake of john boorman's tough and visually stylish 1967 crime thriller point blank , which featured lee marvin . that film was also again loosely remade in 1974 , as the outfit , with robert duvall playing the role of the vengeance seeking criminal . like its two predecessors , payback has been based on the hunter , a novel written by richard stark ( a pseudonym used by donald e westlake , when he wanted to break away from comic capers like the hot rock , etc , and write tough , violent , genre thrillers ) . and payback is certainly violent ! gone is the disposable comic book like violence of gibson's lethal weapon series , replaced with a more disconcerting , vicious , callous and gratuitous violence . helgeland's direction is certainly proficient and pacy , and he revels in the graphic blood letting . helgeland peppers the film with many noir like touches , and payback also has a deliberately old fashioned , '70's look about it . helgeland also adds a touch of dark humour to proceedings . he wastes few moments , and his crisp and stylish direction is the perfect cinematic equivalent of stark's terse prose . gibson was apparently unhappy with the tyro director's finished film , and reshot about 30% , including the final scenes , giving helgeland's original vision a darker tone . gibson also brought in kristofferson to play the mob boss . gibson brings a hard , unforgiving edge and weary quality to his performance as a ruthless criminal , although his unsympathetic choice of role here may come as something of a surprise to many of his fans . the performances of the supporting cast are solid , with kristofferson , an uncredited coburn , and william devane oozing smarmy sincerity as the triumvirate who rule the outfit . although a slickly produced crime thriller , payback is also very violent , and one of gibson's nastier and more disposable efforts . 
directed by : william friedkin written by : james webb ( story ) , stephen gaghan " rules of engagement " , the new film from william friedkin ( you remember , the guy who directed " the exorcist " way back when ) , is something of an enigma . it's one of those films which is entirely predictable , not particularly well written , and it's all stuff we've seen before . however , there is something about it that holds your attention despite all of this . i suppose it could be the two leads , tommy lee jones and samuel l . jackson , two of the better actors working in hollywood today . it could also be that friedkin somehow manages to keep the action going throughout the entire film so that you're never distracted by having seen all this before . whatever the reason , " rules of engagement " is one of those bizarre movies like " the 13th warrior " which has no discernible redeeming qualities , but i was incapable of disliking . colonel terry childers ( samuel l . jackson ) is a decorated marine and vietnam veteran . his latest assignment is to fly into yemen with a squad of marines and rescue an ambassador ( ben kingsley ) and his family from protestors at the american embassy . when the protestors turn violent and marines are killed , childers orders his men to open fire on the crowd , killing over 70 people . now he faces a court martial and up to fifteen years in prison unless he can prove that the crowd had weapons , and he was only returning fire . his attorney is colonel hayes hodges ( tommy lee jones ) , a friend whose life childers saved in vietnam . the prosecuting attorney is the slimy major mark biggs ( guy pearce ) , who has been hired on by the even slimier william sokal ( bruce greenwood ) , who wants everything pinned on childers so the us can save face . as i said , this is hardly an original movie since obvious similarities to 1992's " a few good men " exist . there are several things besides the lack of originality which really hurt this film . one is the absence of a good score . in fact , there is hardly any music at all in " rules of engagement " . during the courtroom and battle scenes , where the tension is palpable and the audience is on the edge of their seats , a nice dramatic score would have been welcome . instead , we are given overwhelmingly loud sound effects of explosions and gun shots which make it impossible to hear what is being said . on the bright side , the battle scenes are very realistically filmed , especially the opening scene of the skirmish in vietnam involving childers and hodges' unit and a vc squad . the acting in " rules of engagement " is certainly the film's high point . samuel l . jackson is the perfect choice for his role . a man consumed with passion ( jackson is at his best when playing a character consumed by passion ) for his job and his country . jones may be a bit miscast as an alcoholic loser of a lawyer , but he turns in a great performance anyway . ben kingsley ( " species " , " what planet are you from ? " ) is given nothing to do other than look shifty eyed and stutter over his testimony in court . guy pearce , who gave a brilliant performance in " la confidential " , is horribly miscast as the prosecuting attorney . there is something about pearce's performance that makes major biggs seem incredibly slimy ( too much so in fact ) despite the fact that his introduction sets the character up as something of a boy scout . there are certain things about this film which make very little sense . for example , bruce greenwood's ( " double jeopardy " ) character is given a video tape that would not only clear childers of all charges , but would get the us out of trouble as well . instead of submitting the tape as evidence , he tells his aid : " i don't want to think about it , i don't want to see it , i don't want it to exist . " not only does it not make sense that he didn't want it to exist , but it makes even less sense that he would tell a witness . the only other thing that bothered me was the poor editing job performed here . not only are long , sometimes boring sequences not edited down to size , but we are sometimes given quick camera cuts from person to person during the courtroom scenes which make things very confusing . " rules of engagement " runs a little too long at 127 minutes . i recommend it to fans of tommy lee jones and samuel l jackson since they are both given a chance to shine here . i give the film two and a half out of five stars . comments ? feel free to e-mail them to : johnbeachem@dependentfilms . net for past reviews , movie news , and other fun stuff , visit : http : //www . dependentfilms . net * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick . try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad . see it if you have nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
for more reviews and movie trailers , visit http : //www . joblo . com/plot : a young recruit gets plucked out of nowhere by the number one gangster in london and quickly becomes a staple by his side . but this new guy is not like all the others , he's got ambition , he's got goals and he loves everything he sees about being the number one gangster . violence , lots of swearing and betrayals ensue . critique : a very good , serious-minded , unique british gangster flick which misses the " great " mark by way of an annoying voice-over popping up throughout the film and a so-so ending . here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . okay , so it's not entirely new , but it's definitely original when all put together as done here . the thing i liked most about this movie was its authentic portrayal of the time period in which it was taking place . it's 1968 and these dudes are looking good ! yes , it's all about the suits , fellas . . . the italian shoes , the cufflinks , the ties and the birds ( that's ladies , for those uninitiated ) hanging around you . here are a bunch of horrible men , gangsters if you will , looking sharp , talking shit and busting heads all over the place . but that's not the basis of this movie . the basis of this film comes in the relationship between the number one gangster in the group , the excellent david thewlis , and one of his cronies , paul bettany , also extremely good in this film , and how the power , sex appeal and coolness of one , affects the other . you know how there are always these " hanger-on " gangster types who latch on to the godfathers , the leaders , the top dogs of every crime organization ? well , most of the time , these dudes are screened beforehand and are loyal to only one person . . . that is , their boss . so all the gangster number one needs to worry about is his enemies on the other side of the fence . but this film brings the betrayals , the messed up loyalties , the honor codes among bad guys into play within the same group and presents it in quite the stylistic package . of course , director paul mcguigan isn't trying to be guy ritchie here , and doesn't over-stylize his presentation , jazz it all up with a hip soundtrack or add any humor to the mix . nope , he goes straight for the serious stuff and develops at least two particular scenes which are still embedded in my mind as i type this . the first is a confrontation sequence between bettany and a man from which he's attempting to sway some information and it is downright nasty ! ( " look into my eyes ! " ) in fact , the last time that i've seen a guy so scared in a movie was john turturro in that forest scene from the coen brothers' miller's crossing . scary shite . but there's an ever better scene than that in this film . this one features bettany , once again , slowly torturing , hacking and beating the living piss out of a rival gangster ( from that man's point-of-view ) , but not before turning on a quaint little tune in the background and removing all of his own expensive clothes , one by one ( that's right , he " does " the guy in his underwear ) . that scene is also in tune with some of the obvious phallic and homoerotic undertones present throughout this film , especially in the relationship between bettany and his boss ( why does he get so upset when he falls in love with that woman ? ) . but the flick's not perfect . in fact , i didn't mind malcolm mcdowell's voice-over narration at first , but as the film grew into a major flashback ( most of the film is presented as such ) , he came in every now and then , and rarely added anything of interest to the plot . all he seemed to do was swear and call people the c-word umpteen times , and even described one scene as it was happening ( " . . . so i opened the door , then went up the lift , etc . . . . " -it's like , yeah , i know that already , i could see it on the screen ! ! overdone . ) . i also didn't quite " buy " the ending of the movie , which despite being original , seemed a little unbelievable , especially when you consider that it's supposed to be taking place 30 years later , and folks still seem to be holding grudges , still in love , still living in the same apartments ? ? ! ? i mean , c'mon . . . it's 30 years , man ! ! i don't know , somehow it didn't work all that well for me . but one of my favorite genres has always been the crime movies , and this one is a decent addition to the lot . forget the lame title and malcolm mcdowell's narration of the obvious plot points , and concentrate on the film's stronger attributes such as its style , the exquisite atmosphere of the time period , its original look at the gangster dynamic within the same group , its memorable sequences and the solid performances from its two main leads , bettany and thewlis . incidentally , unlike a few of the gangster flicks that i mention below , this one is in no way a parody or homage to this genre of films . . . it's the real deal ! note : this film is packed with strong accents all around , which makes it hard to make out some of the words from time to time . it's also quite violent and i don't remember any film that used the c-word as much as this one , so leave the kids at home for this one . . . ; ) where's joblo coming from ? american psycho ( 10/10 ) - a clockwork orange ( 9/10 ) - donnie brasco ( 8/10 ) - fight club ( 10/10 ) - get carter ( 7/10 ) - godfather ( 10/10 ) - godfather ii ( 10/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 ) - lock , stock & two smoking barrels ( 8/10 ) - pulp fiction ( 8/10 ) - reservoir dogs ( 9/10 ) 
capsule : this is a film that avoids easy answers . wilhelm furtwangler , then the world's greatest orchestra conductor stayed in germany and cooperated with the nazis . what were his views , was he a war criminal or a secret resistance fighter ? how much did he know about crimes against humanity ? the us government investigated him after the war and this film is a dramatization of that investigation . rating : 8 ( 0 to 10 ) , high + 2 ( -4 to + 4 ) in my opinion one of the best films of the last few years is istvan szabo's sunshine , a film that covers the fortunes of a jewish hungarian family under the reigns of three different regimes , hungarian aristocrats , nazis , and communists . szabo's follow-up film , a german production , is much more limited in scope . it is about the post-war investigation of who criminally supported the nazis and who opposed them . ronald harwood's screenplay ambiguously looks at the investigation of a great classical music conductor who stayed on in germany when the nazis took power and became the most popular conductor of the third reich . maj . steve arnold ( played by harvey keitel ) has been assigned by his superiors to investigate wilhelm furtwangler ( stellan skarsgard ) , perhaps europe's greatest classical music conductor . when other artists fled germany , furtwangler remained behind and conducted for the hitler and his henchmen . after the war is over arnold assigned to interview furtwangler and members of his orchestra and if appropriate to prosecute him for war crimes . he secretly is told by his commanding officer to find furtwangler guilty . from there we follow him and learn a little about arnold and something about furtwangler and his orchestra . as he interviews members of the wartime orchestra arnold starts noticing odd peculiarities that may or may not point to a conspiracy against his investigation . there is a certain sameness to the responses that he is getting . perhaps any cooperation he is getting has been in some ways managed . if so , perhaps he can never come to the truth . in large part the film is about mind games that arnold uses to manipulate his interviewees and especially furtwangler . where the script has problems is that in the end it is so ambiguous . it has no obvious resolution and not much of a final act . when it is over whether anything has been established is open to interpretation . perhaps that is better than so many films that make it all to obvious what the audience should believe , but it is like watching a murder mystery and never finding out who the killer is . we are given clues to something but they are never tied up . in the end we just know more about both arnold and furtwangler . the film is basically a stage play . the visual is not very important . corners are cut visually including touches like filling windows with photographs to avoid having to shoot on location . as with a stage play , what this film centers on the dialog , and that is intriguing . i rate the film an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high + 2 on the -4 to + 4 scale . [there is one piece of sloppiness few people but me would notice . at one point we clearly see arnold's desk calendar say " jan 16 tues . " a quick mental calculation told me that combination could occur in 1945 and then not again until 1951 . the events had to take place in 1946 or 1947 . a possible date could be obtained from any world almanac . ] 
director : anand tucker writer : frank cotrell boyce ( based on the novel " a genius in the family " by hilary du pré and piers du pré ) starring : emily watson , rachel griffiths , david morissey , james frain , charles dance , celia imrie , rupert penry-jones , bill patterson , auriol evans , keely flanders maybe the most important thing about this movie is that it's not handled like the hallmark hall of fame movie of the month , because it very well could have been a manipulative tearjerker , broadcasted on abc on a monday night , starring kelly martin and yasmeen bleeth , respectively . because it's not handled like the greatest story ever told is precisely why it's so great . underneath the to-die-for cinematography , the brilliant acting , and incessantly wonderful direction is a film of modesty , not sure whether or not this story is totally great but with the balls to run with it , tell it in a certain original way . it doesn't merely go from plot point to plot point . it goes from character to character . it obsesses itself with the depth and the style of it all , and makes the story of a world-reknowned cellist who contracts ms and dies prematurely into the story of two sisters , both musicians , who have a totally unique relationship . it's that their relationship is the center of the story that makes this film transcend any cornball , shamelessly tired tearjerker qualities it could have had and makes this , unlike " patch adams , " effortlessly emotional and real . in short , this movie is just awesome . it merely tells its story really well , and that's something that just has to be commended these days , when most stories are botched because they're not told by great storytellers . director anand tucker tells this story well . he overdramaticizes everything , but still keeps it real . the film tells the story of hilary and jacqueline du pré ( rachel griffiths and emily watson , respectively ) , two sisters who are first seen in childhood ( played by auriol evans and keely flanders , respectively ) as the very best of friends . they are also both musicians , hilary a flutist and jackie a cellist , and when it all begins , both are considered child prodigies , but hilary is seen as the better of the two . jackie , a bit jealous , works and works at her playing skills , and soon the tables are turned . when they both hit adulthood , hilary strives for a comeback , while her sister is playing in famous halls around the world , but instead of fame , captures the heart of a hapless , joyful conductor , kiffer finzi ( david morissey , in a semi-star-making turn ) . they marry , after a short courtship , and move to a lovely country house , making jackie incredibly jealous since her cello playing becomes a symbol of her current life : when she plays , she has the eyes of the world , but when she stops , she's alone . she enters into a shallow relationship with an equally famous pianist , daniel barenboim ( james frain ) , in hopes that she may overcloud her sister , but she eventually begins to lose it , and runs away to hilary's country home , where she hopes to gain admittance by hilary to sleep with her husband , since no one she sleeps with gives her any pleasure . it's all terribly melodramtic , as you can see , and by the time jackie has contracted ms ( in a brilliantly edited scene that surpasses the breakdown scene in the semi-smiliar " shine " in technical and emotional devastation ) , it would have been the time that i could easily call the sign for melodramatic overload if it hadn't been handled in such a way . the key thing here is that it's not about her gradual death and slip into insanity but rather that it's about her tumultuous relationship with her sister , which , i might add , is perfectly realized . their relationship is the most down-to-earth complex entity of the year : they love eachother more than anyone else in the entire world , but they're also completely jealous of one another . when a young jackie surpasses her playing abilities , she tries in vain to make a comeback but can't , and almost seems to marry to get back at jackie for her success . when jackie lands on top and sees her sister marry a wonderful man , she is jealous of her lifestyle to the most extensive brinks that i've ever seen in a film ( only two sisters who truly love eachother would dare share the same man ) . and the whole time , their love for eachother is never doubted or even tested . another thing i really liked is emily watson's performance . i usually make it a note to never overpraise an actor for playing either a drunkard or a lunatic or someone with a mortal disease ( or any combination of the three ) . my reasoning for this is that it's a fucking easy job . the worst case for this very year may be thandie newton in " beloved " : sure , she's good , but what's so tough about playing a woman who stumbles around , slurs her words together , and acts like a three year old inside a 20-year old's body ? hell , i could play that if i had a pair of breasts . in that same exact movie , though , is a performance by kimberly elise where she has to be the rock that holds the family together as her mother slowly goes insane , her brothers run off never to be seen again , and her mother's lover is scared off . she has to actually deal with real emotions , something much harder than mere stumbling about . but the academy of arts and sciences loves loves loves overpraising performances like newtons . if you don't believe me , look at jack nicholson's performance in " as good as it gets " : great performance , but easy job . this isn't so for watson , though , because her insanity comes from real emotions , not just a plot point . and thanks to the opening sequence , where we see her and hilary as kids , we understand the motives behind all her actions , and by the time she actually contracts ms and begins to loose her sanity and her life , we've already understood that this is the last straw for a woman plagued with terrible neuroses . rachel griffiths , who would have otherwise been the understudy to watson's protagonist , actually matches watson step-for-step , because as watson grows insane , and demands unspeakable things from her , griffiths holds her own , and has to deal with what she is able to give her sister who needs emotional help from her . griffiths , an otherwise unknown actress ( and watson being famous from " breaking the waves " and " the boxer " ) , is absolutely brilliant , just as absolutely brilliant as watson is , and if the academy and all the other critics groups , who've already deemed watson's performance the best of the year , glance over hers because she's the one who doesn't get to go insane ( read : she gets the boring role ) , then the scream of hysteria you hear will be from me . after all , griffiths has the thankless job of keeping things real - the tom cruise role in " rainman " ( the one who should have gotten oscar consideration and not hoffman ) . she does , and if anyone deserves accolades from the academy this year , it's griffiths . together , the two actresses work extremely well , though , and both have to go through deep emotional hell , the likes of which haven't been seen this year . if it hadn't been for an otherwise not-totally-great final section that deals way too much with jackie and not enough with hilary ( when the two had gotten equal treatment for the entirety ) , i'd say this is one of the top ten best films of the year . it's so close to perfection , in its structure , its treatment of its subject , and its beautiful technical specifications ( cinematography nomination , without a shred of doubt in my mind , and maybe film editing ) , that it's nearly a shame that it's not the flawless gem that it should be . but , hey , as it is , i can hardly complain . 
usually when one is debating who the modern queen of the romantic comedy is they will bring up names like julia roberts or sandra bullock . others will mention meg ryan . but for me , it's not even close . janeane garofalo is not only the queen of the romantic comedy , she is the best comic actress in hollywood right now . and it's a good thing she's starring in the matchmaker , because without her presence the movie would be bland , unfunny , and dull . the movie runs into a few roadblocks . for instance , the story is very thin . none of the characters ( except the old local matchmaker ) are nearly as interesting as garofalo . some of the characters , like the political aide played by denis leary , have wandered in from a completely different movie . i think the director realized this and decided to throw in numerous shots of the beautiful irish scenery , and several close-ups of garofalo's winning smile . the strange thing is that it works . garofalo's charm and the irish scenery could carry the thinnest of stories , and it carries this one . 
writer/director : john maybury starring : derek jacobi , daniel craig , anne lambton , tilda swinton , adrian scarborough , karl johnson , annabel brooks , richard newbould " love is the devil " is a challenging film , munundating its audience with wild imagery and a plot structure that disallows a plot , perhaps in an attempt to get us to know the artist's psyche rather than the artist's lifeline . watching it , i was enthralled with the look of the film , the way the director shot everything like it was looking through a bizarre , personalized filter . everything looks like it is not how life looks like but how painter francis bacon , the film's subject , looked at it personally . but while i was engrossed , i stumbled upon my thoughts halfway through the film , awakened from my trance by some inner distraction , and began to try and follow what's going on . exactly what was i looking at ? watching this film , i wasn't sure if it was the most insightful film i had ever seen or the most vacuous . directed ( and written ) by john maybury , " love is the devil " is stylish masterpiece for the senses . everything looks originally bizarre and perplexing . the camera angles are ferociously askew , and the close-ups are uncomfortably too close . the editing is deft , occasionally cutting away to something bizarre every couple seconds , but other times holding on a shot for so long that you wonder if the audience is not supposed to be voyeurs , or rather , intruders to bacon's world and psyche . as such , there is no real story . i've not heard much about francis bacon that i didn't read prior to the film , but what i learned was this : he was a painter in england who reached his peak during the 60s and 70s , drawing hideously bizarre drawings of carnage and the like . he was one of the first to really come out of the closet , and in interviews , he was notoriously drunk yet incredibly witty . as played by great shakesperean actor derek jacobi , he's like a foppish and self-absorbed cross between oscar wilde and nero . he lives life the way he wants to live it , to the disatisfaction of those who have the privelege of being really close to him . it's as if he were taking delight in the destruction of others and maybe himself ( " champagne for my real friends , and pain for my sham friends , " he says one night at the bar he frequents ) . " love is the devil " chronicles the latter part of his life . bacon , well-known in his mid-life , awakens one night when he hears a man tumble through his ceiling window and land on the floor . he walks in , unafraid of what he finds , and discovers a thief , george dyer ( daniel craig ) . bacon gives him an offer : if he spends the night with him , he can take anything he wants in the morning . george agrees to this , and off to bed he goes , but ends up staying with him , for whatever reason . the film shows their lives together , at least in reference to one another . while creating bacon's world of friends ( like " high art , " this film minors in showing a certain group of people who radiate a connection that is not shown but is understood ) , the film shows the relationship of bacon and george as it remains rather stagnant . bacon is haughty and bizarre ; george is simple and doesn't understand bacon in the least , especially not his paintings . while watching this , that's basically all i thought was there . the film has a hypnotic feel , free of any restraints of form , and is shot so uniquely that i felt my attention was almost entirely on the way this film was made rather than what it is about . once the film is over , it's easier to piece it together . i kept on thinking about this film , wondering what the point to all of it was . someone doesn't merely make a film of all style and no substance at all , and if they do , they do it by accident , but still allow some substance to creep in . thinking about it , i remembered how the two fed off of eachother . i thought about how bacon was a masochist , in love with cruelty ( in one scene , he watches a boxing match with a orgiastic delight , and lets out a squeal of pleasure when blood from the one boxer's head splashes across his face ; in another scene , he masturbates to the odessa steps sequence of eisenstein's " battleship potemkin " ) , and perhaps he drove george too far in his delight for pain . he drove him over the edge , and for him that was love , even if it wasn't for george . i guess that explains the title . a bit . that's great and all , but i almost wish the film was devoid of any meaning . i wish it hadn't reduced itself to making some point about humanity , about how love is the most selfish thing in the world ( and it is , if you look at it a certain way ) . or maybe if it had avoided any meaning about humanity and merely drove itself into being the one film that was truly inside one man's twisted pysche . it's almost always best to obtain insights from looking at one man's uniqueness than it is forcing universality down an audience's throat . that way you don't reduce your film to something it's just not . i can't say i totally enjoyed " love is the devil , " though . despite all of the things i respect about this movie , it's still rather uncomfortable to sit through . even at a normally trite length of ninety minutes , the film still seems like an arduous task to sit through , especially after an exhausting first hour . though hypnotic , it still almost seems gimmicky and even redundant at times , as if it were taking advantage of one man's truly bizarre nature but not doing anything deeper with it . as such , i respect the way the film looks . it's beautiful and painstakingly crafted so that , along with " what dreams may come " and " dark city , " it's the year's most visually stunning film . in fact , if a better script had been forged , i'd almost compare it in visual power to a peter greenaway film , complete with similar haunting images that stick in the mind forever . and with a dymanite performance by derek jacobi , it has the comic and distanced tone that it needs . i just wish it had been more than mostly style and just a hair bit of substance . then i would have had something to hold me over even now . 
analyze this ( m ) . ( warner bros/village roadshow ) director : harold ramis stars : robert de niro , billy crystal , lisa kudrow , chazz palminteri , joseph viterelli , kyle sahiby , leo rossi , richard castellano , bill macy , jimmie ray weeks , ira wheeler , tony bennett running time : 103 minutes . robert de niro lightens up slightly as he takes the mickey out of the sort of character he has specialised in playing during his thirty year film career . the mannerisms are the same , as is the intensity , but in this comedy from harold ramis ( groundhog day , etc ) they are given a comic spin . de niro plays paul vitti , a tough new york mobster who is having anxiety attacks . desperate to find a cure before a planned meeting between all the gangster families , vitti secretly seeks psychiatric help . the unlucky doctor is ben sobel ( billy crystal ) , a family therapist anxious to break out of the shadow of his more famous father , an up-market psychiatrist , best selling author and multi-media personality . although ben recognises the challenge in working with vitti , he is about to take a week off work and marry his fiancee ( friends' star lisa kudrow ) , a tv journalist . however , a powerful mobster like vitti doesn't easily take " no " for an answer , and ben's simple life is turned upside down . he becomes heavily involved in vitti's cut throat and violent world . this unusual premise works a treat under ramis' slick direction . there are plenty of superb one-liners and throw away visual gags , and even the homage to the godfather works beautifully . in one scene , ben tries to explain complex freudian concepts to the hot headed mobster . in another , vitti turns the tables on ben by probing his fears , thus proving that even gangsters have rare insights into human nature . de niro doesn't make many comedies ( the disappointing we're no angels is a rare exception ) , but he seems to be enjoying himself in a rare comic role that enables him to put a different spin on the type of character that he has made his own . in a welcome return to form , crystal holds his own against the volatile and intimidating de niro . kudrow , who added spark to the wonderful the opposite of sex , is given little to do as ben's fastidious fiancee . chazz palminteri ( the usual suspects , etc ) is also wasted in a small and increasingly familiar role as a tough gangster who'd rather exchange bullets than words . if anyone comes close to stealing the acting honours it is joe viterelli ( bullets over broadway , etc ) , who gives a wonderful performance as vitti's rotund body guard , the aptly named jelly . analyze this is a far cry from the mean streets that de niro ordinarily inhabits , but it is an interesting and entertaining diversion through less travelled territory for , arguably , america's greatest living screen actor . 
elmore leonard has quickly become one of hollywood's favorite authors . out of four film adaptations in as many years , the witty and inventive out of sight gives get shorty a run for its money as the best leonard adaptation around . george clooney stars as jack foley , a nice bank robber . . . you know the type , he uses his charm and his wits rather than a gun . but even charming guys end up unlucky , and jack ends up in jail . but not for long . he plots an escape with the help of his best friend , and fellow robber , buddy bragg ( ving rhames ) , and their slow-witted pothead associate , glenn michaels ( steve zahn ) . but jack didn't count on u . s . marshal karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) . appearing at the right place at the wrong time , karen gets involved in foley's escape attempt and the subsequent manhunt to bring him in . however , karen develops a rapport with jack foley , and finds that she begrudgingly likes the guy . but , can love prosper on opposite sides of the law ? or can karen straighten out jack before he goes too far in pursuit of just one last crime . clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date . he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love . jennifer lopez does an excellent job as well . she actually has a trickier role than clooney , as a woman who has to balance her emotions with her sense of duty . she and clooney develop good chemistry together . the film boasts a superb ensemble . steve zahn gives a hilarious performance , and steals nearly every scene he's in . don cheadle is appropriately sinister as a violent ex-con who may or may not be teaming up with foley . albert brooks is enjoyable as a white collar criminal who talks too much for his own good . out of the cast , only dennis farina seems underused as karen's ex-lawman father . steven soderbergh gives the film sharp and stylistic direction . with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films . a recurring series of flashbacks makes the film seem more complex than it actually is . devoid of its bells and whistles , out of sight is actually a fairly straightforward crime story . however , there are only a few spots in the film that seem bare , and they pass quickly . with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts . 
see this review the way it was meant to be seen at : http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ cast : garry shandling , annette bening , greg kinnear , ben kingsley , linda fiorentino , john goodman , judy greer , nora dunn , camryn manheim , ann cusack written by : garry shandling , michael leeson , ed solomon and peter tolan directed by : mike nichols running time : 104 minutes garry shandling makes his long overdue starring film debut as an alien from a planet populated only by genetically created men , who are looking to take over the earth by propagating their own species there . shandling is chosen for the mission , is given the name harold anderson , and is set up as a banker in seattle . after a few disastrous " mating " attempts , he figures his best bet will be susan ( annette bening ) , a former alcoholic who eventually tells harold that she won't have sex again until she gets married . the leader of harold's planet ( ben kingsley ) tells him to marry her , and harold is soon exposed to all the " joys " of married life . despite its title and premise which seem to imply that this is some jerry lewis vehicle from the late 1960s , what planet are you from ? is a very funny movie . the plot ( which the film wisely doesn't linger on the specifics of for too long ) is of course nothing more than framework for the jokes , most of which work very well . the material may be considered crude and tasteless by many , and i might have thought so as well had shandling not been the lead . but he brings a sort of pathetic charm to the role , and it's his performance that makes the film truly funny instead of just offensive . plus if you think about it , what planet are you from ? could have very easily gone the gross-out route ( considering that shandling's character is given a detachable penis that vibrates and hums when he gets excited ) . we never see anything though , it's all implied , which gives the film a touch of class amidst its crudeness . i'm glad to see that someone in hollywood still understands the concept of " less is more " . the talented supporting cast certainly adds to one's enjoyment of this film . annette bening ( oddly playing a merged version of her real estate salesman character from american beauty and her ditzy spiritualist character from mars attacks ! ) does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor . she even manages to pull off a potentially disastrous scene where she has to perform a rather goofy rendition of " high hopes " for a lengthy period of time . ben kingsley , john goodman and greg kinnear all fare well in their performances as well , and linda fiorentino . . . good lord , there should be some sort of law stating that no woman can be that sexy . everything about her character in this film oozes raw sexuality . what planet are you from ? is available on dvd from columbia tristar home video . the disc gives you the choice of either watching the film full frame or in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and enhanced for 16x9 televisions . also included on the disc as extras : a decent making-of featurette , an isolated score track , talent files for the cast and crew , and the film's original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for wolf , men in black , bugsy and as good as it gets ) . when i first saw that the disc featured an isolated score track , i actually laughed . how great could the music for a silly little comedy be for it to get it's own isolated track ? well as it turns out , it's a mighty fine score from carter burwell ( fargo , the hudsucker proxy ) that i enjoyed listening to again while i typed up this review . kudos to columbia tristar for adding that feature to the disc . what planet are your from ? was unjustly ignored in theaters , and i hope it finds its deserved audience on home video . this fine dvd is certainly a great way to see it . [r] reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com aol instant messenger : filmjax the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
directed by gregory hoblit . screenplay by tobias emmerich . starring dennis quaid , james caviezel , elizabeth mitchell . running time : 121 minutes . rated aa by the mfcb . reviewed on may 4th , 2000 . one of the big problems with many movies about changing history is that they tend to get bogged down in its mechanics . the difficulty is that our modern understanding of time is still incredibly limited , so any such discussion will by its very nature come across as a load of gobbledegook . good movies like " back to the future " ignore the subject altogether , or at most give it a passing acknowledgement . their makers are aware that the fun thing about time isn't how it works , but how it can be used in a dramatic context . " frequency " is such a film , and it proves to be one of the most entertaining movies of the year so far . john sullivan ( james caviezel ) is a cop in 1999 new york . he has just broken up with his girlfriend , drinks a little too much , and is all too aware that it's almost the thirtieth anniversary of the death of his father . frank sullivan ( dennis quaid ) was a firefighter who perished in 1969 rescuing a transient from a warehouse fire . one night , john happens upon his dad's old ham radio , mothballed since frank's demise . for old times' sake , he switches it on . a lot of things were happening in new york around the time of frank's death . the " amazing " mets were on their way to winning the world series against the baltimore orioles . a serial killer murdered four nurses before vanishing without a trace . and the aurora borealis -- the northern lights -- was making a rare week-long appearance in the skies above the city . in 1999 , the northern lights have returned to new york for the first time in three decades . by some freak accident of nature , this allows john to speak to frank in 1969 via the ham radio . john manages to convince his father that he really is communicating from the future by predicting events of the mets/orioles world series , and gives him enough information about the warehouse fire to save his life . but this changes the whole pattern of history , and not all for the good . somehow , frank's survival has meant that the so-called nightingale killer's death toll was ten instead of four -- and one of the " new " victims was john's mother julia ( elizabeth mitchell ) . frank and john must cooperate across the years to stop the murderer in time . " frequency " is not a particularly deep movie . in a way it's about the relationship between fathers and sons , and how profoundly the absence of the former can affect the latter . and of course it deals with the familiar science-fiction notion of how changing one seemingly innocuous event can have major ramifications on things long after . but , in the end , the real point of " frequency " is just to tell a good story , and in this it excels . there are a lot of great scenes in which frank and john's altering of history is explored , not on a pseudoscientific level but on a purely visceral one . the movie doesn't try to justify its temporal mechanics ( indeed , there are some inconsistencies in how frank's actions ripple down to his son ) , but just taps into our sense of the fantastic . for example , at one point frank communicates with john by burning a message into his desk . john sees the letters appear one by one and touches them , expecting to find them hot . but of course they're not , because they were made thirty years earlier . later , frank acquires a wallet with the murderer's fingerprints on it , but can't go to the police in 1969 because they'd never believe his story . so he hides the wallet beneath a loose floorboard , where john retrieves it in 1999 . " wow , " breathes frank , and he is speaking as much for the audience as for himself . while these sorts of things are nothing new to the genre , rarely have they been done so well and with such enthusiasm . and there are a couple of particularly imaginative sequences , especially a visually awesome one at the movie's climax . the only real downside to " frequency " is that the serial killer storyline which dominates its second half is rather pedestrian . this is not to say that it's badly done -- it's intriguing enough in its own way -- but it just doesn't live up to the wonder which permeates the rest of the movie . scenes like one where frank is arrested for being the nightingale killer seem commonplace , for instance , and the proceedings generally feel as though they've been lifted out of an uncommonly bizarre episode of " law and order " . but even this is energised by excellent performances from caviezel and particularly quaid . " frequency " lives or dies on the conviction of their father/son relationship , made more challenging by the fact that their communications aren't face-to-face . but both actors are up to the task , bringing genuine emotion to the story . as a result , it's easy to suspend our disbelief and buy into the movie , and it's hard to suppress a cheer when frank survives the fire , or when father and son team up to stop the killer . director gregory hoblit does a good job , especially in keeping the frequent and potentially dull scenes of frank and john talking on the radio alive and interesting . also , he wisely chooses not to overplay the changes father and son have wrought on the present . although some differences are highlighted , many others are left as subtle background detail . like " back to the future " , this gives the film a richness it would otherwise be lacking . " frequency " has a broad appeal that's rare in movies today . it's a science-fiction movie where the characters come first , where visual effects take a backseat to story and acting , but which is exciting and suspenseful nonetheless . " frequency " probably won't win any academy awards , but it was one of the most enjoyable cinematic experiences i've had in a long time . and , in the end , i can't ask for much more than that . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/frequency . html -- _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
the farrelly brothers' third film , after dumb and dumber ( 7 . 5/10 ) and kingpin ( 8/10 ) , brings together the real-life couple of cameron diaz and matt dillon , some nasty humour , a cute dog , and a mix of love , fate and romance . plot : high-school nerd ted gets lucky when the cutest girl in his class asks him to the prom . unfortunately for ted , he accidentally gets a part of his male anatomy ( ouch ! ) caught in his zipper , and misses the big night . thirteen years later , ted still can't get mary out of his mind , and hires a private detective ( dillon ) to find her . once found , it turns out that mary has more than one suitor , and that's when the real fun begins . critique : likeable comedy with a few extremely funny scenes , some funny looking people , and a plot that won't ever put you to sleep . having said that , i must admit that i did like the farrellys' two previous films more than this one , but that is saying a lot , since i really did love those earlier pics . this one is also quite funny , but it didn't really blow me away like the others . then again , maybe my expectations were too high . then again , maybe i should shut up , and write a little more about the film , and less about my supposed subconscious reasons for liking/disliking the film . continuing where their other pictures left off , the farrellys' create a cutesy world of people with strange and endearing qualities , and a simple plot by which to tie them all together . this one also includes plenty of toilet humour , but also some borderline fun-making of the disabled and mentally-challenged . i must admit that i really wasn't sure whether to laugh at some points or not . not a good place to be . having said that , the scenes that did tear through the audience , and yours truly , were extremely hilarious , and went on for several minutes after the punchline . the laughter practically killed out the next scene for one of the best ones in the movie ( something to do with hair gel ) . on the negative end , i did not like the musical interludes of jonathan richman that ran through the entire picture . i found them quite useless , unfunny and distracting . also , i found that a lot of the funnier scenes had already been shown in the film's trailer . and of course , i never quite buy the fact that these beautiful , intelligent , single women still can't seem to find the " right guy " ( see kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) . i did really like all of the actors in the film , especially ben stiller , who appears to be solidifying his mark as a great comical actor with this picture and one of my favourites from 1996 , flirting with disaster ( 8/10 ) . i also liked matt dillon with his big teeth , and lee evans with his superb faux-sympathy british accent . funny stuff . also , make sure that you stay for the credits , because there is an entire montage of outtakes from the film that plays under a lip-synched version of " build me up buttercup " , which is really cool . overall , a cute comedy with a decent premise , and a few particularly hilarious scenes . little known facts : the farrellys big break came when they somehow got a copy of their script " dust to dust " into the hands of eddie murphy via  murphy's neighbour . they only found out about murphy's interest , when they saw eddie mention the script on the david letterman show one night . matt dillon is a high school dropout . in between acting gigs , dillon has branched out into the restaurant business . close to home in his native new york , he co-owns both a bar called the whiskey and a swanky uptown eatery called the falls . cameron diaz stands 5 " 9 , started working as a model at the early age of 16 , and loves cats . ben stiller's father is jerry stiller . he played george costanza's ( jason alexander ) father on tv's " seinfeld " . peter farrelly has written a novel entitled " outside providence " which is currently being filmed starring alec baldwin . rob moran , who plays the cop in this film , also played the millionaire bowler in kingpin , and the bartender in dumb and dumber . he is old friends with the farrelly brothers from college , and is currently married to entertainment tonight anchor/correspondant julie moran . harland williams , who plays the nutty hitchhiker in this film , also played a state trooper in the farrelly's earlier dumb and dumber , and was the star of the unfortunate rocket man . 
cast : christian bale , willem dafoe , jared leto , reese witherspoon , samantha mathis , chloë sevigny , guinevere turner written by : mary harron and guinevere turner directed by : mary harron running time : 100 minutes set in the late 80's at the height of yuppie excess and based on the book by bret easton ellis ( who explored the same themes in another book which was also made into a movie , less than zero ) , american psycho puts a new spin on the yuppie " genre " that ellis helped to create . christian bale is perfectly cast as patrick bateman , a high powered yuppie who hides a terrible secret from his fiancée and his colleagues . it seems that bateman is a serial killer and , unfortunately for his contemporaries , his tenuous grasp on reality is starting to slip . as he tries to balance his meticulous daily routines with slaughtering co-workers and prostitutes and hiding their bodies , his mental fabric slowly begins to unravel . i was first introduced to the novel when i was still in high school . i read an associated press article in our local sunday newspaper detailing the problems ellis was having getting his novel published due to the controversial violence in it . as usual when anything is controversial i try to seek it out , but i soon forgot about the novel and didn't end up thinking about it again until i stumbled across it a couple of years later at a bookstore . i picked it up and read it , but was ultimately disappointed because it left more questions than answers . the movie has a similar effect , but at least it's less cryptic than ellis' novel . for once , a film has actually turned out to be better than the novel it was based on . both the book and the film open with bateman describing his fastidious morning preparations ( down to exactly what facial scrubs and exfoliating creams he uses ) but the novel seems to concentrate more on these excesses throughout . the movie continues to touch upon these things but makes more of a point to immerse us in bateman's impending madness than to detail things as painstakingly as the novel does . as a result , the film is immensely more entertaining . lions gate seems to be the studio champion of controversial films ( having picked up kevin smith's catholic-rattling dogma ) and here with american psycho there is no difference . screenwriters mary harron and guinevere turner had the unenviable task of trying to take a novel about yuppies filled with graphic violence and sex and make a marketable film out of it . some cuts had to be made to the finished film to keep from getting an nc-17 , mainly involving a sex scene comprising bateman and two women , and initial reports said the film was unwatchable . thankfully , it is watchable and harron and turner have made one of the most scathingly satirical films this side of south park : bigger , longer & uncut . side note #1 : co-writer guinevere turner also makes an appearance in the film as an ill-fated acquaintance of bateman's who , after bateman suggests that she start making out with a female prostitute , proclaims that she's not a lesbian nor has any interest in it . the ironic humor of the scene stems from the fact that turner ( the writer/director of the film go fish and who also assisted kevin smith with parts of his script for chasing amy ) is a lesbian . it's a subtle in-joke and it's one i found to be pretty humorous . despite having a rather high profile supporting cast of young up-and-comers ( including reese witherspoon ) , most of the roles are a waste and are the equivalent of extended billed cameos . the real draw here is christian bale and his over-the-top performance as patrick bateman . whenever i read a novel i always try to imagine what it would be like as a movie and who would be perfect to cast as the characters . i always had a hard time trying to decide who i would cast as bateman , but i never thought bale would deliver a performance as perfect as his ends up being . to say bale runs away with the character is a vast understatement and he proves that he's as adept at chewing scenery as al pacino or rod steiger . one sequence in particular , involving bateman describing his love for huey lewis and the news' song " hip to be square " right before burying an axe in a co-worker's head , features one of the most eccentric and kinetic performances i have ever seen on film . side note #2 : despite the fact that huey lewis' " hip to be square " and a pair of phil collins songs appear in the film , don't expect to see them on the soundtrack release . huey lewis expressly requested that his song , featured in a rather large set piece in the film ( much akin to the use of " stuck in the middle with you " in reservoir dogs ) , not be included on any soundtrack release . i'm assuming that collins requested the same . on a similar note , whitney houston's cover of " the greatest love of all " is also involved in a scene comparable to the other two and it is very obvious that it isn't the houston version at all but merely an instrumental version culled from an unknown source . apparently , houston wasn't as open about the use of her song as the others were . a bigger controversy than the violence and sex has been brewing since the film's release : that of whether or not patrick has actually committed the crimes we have viewed during the course of the film . don't look to the book for any answers because it will only serve to confuse you more . several web sites have been dedicated to the subject but i'm still undecided . there is evidence both for and against but the most scathing evidence against comes from a scene near the end of the film where bateman goes on a killing spree taking out cops , old ladies , and cleaning staff with equal gusto . the scene seemed very dream-like and as absurd as the action films it suddenly seems to be parodying ( as an example , bateman blows up a police car very cinematically after firing several shots from a handgun in the general direction of the car ) . i kept waiting for bateman to wake up and for the film to continue on from there , but bateman never does wake up and the whole sequence , though comic , throws the film off-balance ( which i suppose was the intention ) . other than the few flaws i have mentioned , american psycho is an incredibly entertaining film ( although you may not leave the movie fully understanding whether or not what has just transpired actually occurred in bateman's reality ) . i think this movie is destined for greatness as a cult film and deserves the spot it will take as such . it may not change anyone's life , but it will certainly have an effect . i know i will certainly hear " hip to be square " in a different context the next time i hear it . [r] reviewed by brian matherly - bmath2000@hotmail . com the jacksonville film journal - http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
last year's mob comedy mafia ! didn't work very well , due to lack of a smart script and good acting . harold ramis' analyze this works in all the ways that mafia ! doesn't . analyze this tells the story of long island shrink ben sobel ( billy crystal ) , who one day gets into a car accident with a mobster nicknamed jelly ( joe viterelli ) and the trunk pops open , exposing a half-dead , tied up man . " you didn't see nothing , " jelly assures him . jelly's don , paul vitti ( robert de niro ) , keeps having panic attacks , and expresses the need to see a shrink to discuss " his friend . " jelly tells him about the one he ran into , and vitti pays him a visit . vitti seems to be losing his gangster mentality . he cries at corny commercials and can't find the will to kill a person anymore . vitti becomes so obsessed with becoming sane that he follows sobel to florida , where he is supposed to wed laura ( lisa kudrow ) . if put in the hands of other filmmakers , analyze this would become a mess . but director ramis ( groundhog day ) keeps things light , and gets great performances from both leads . billy crystal has found a role wothy of his comic presence , but the one who steals the show is undoubtedly de niro . the greatest actor of all time in my opinion , de niro shows an gives an exceptionally funny performance . in the film , he seems to be reprising all the mob characters he's ever played , and for that reason , de niro's vitti didn't need to be a very developed character , just a funny guy . analyze this also gives viewers the first chance ( i think ) to watch de niro cry . oh , if only word got out to the corleone family . . . there is nothing groundbreaking about analyze this , but it features a performance that any de niro fan should seek out . 
susan granger's review of " songcatcher " in the midst of this summer's fare of dinos revisited and romantic fiascoes , there are a few thoughtful movies - and this appalachian period drama is one . oscar nominee janet mcteer ( " tumbleweeds " ) stars as dr . lily penleric , an accomplished musicologist who , back in that pre-feminist era , was refused a full professorship at her university . determined to prove her worth , she ventures deep into the rugged mountains of north carolina , where her younger sister elna ( jane adams ) runs a school . there in bear creek , she discovers a treasure-trove of traditional scots-irish and english folk ballads , given a unique interpretation by the insular locals . excited , she sends for recording equipment and persuades vinie butler ( pat carroll ) and other self-sustaining mountain folk to share their musical heritage on her edison phonograph cylinders . their music , as she puts it , is " as much a part of life here as the air you breathe . " that's the main thrust of writer-director maggie greenwald's occasionally uneven culture-clash story , which is loosely based on olive dame campbell's foray through the blue ridge mountains in 1908 , but there's also some melodramatic romantic spice . ornery , bearded , banjo-picking aidan quinn falls for the statuesque , passionate " songcatcher , " while elna secretly engages in a lesbian relationship with a colleague ( e . katherine kerr ) . i'm ready to buy the soulful soundtrack with vocalists like emmylou harris , iris dement , taj mahal and young opera star emmy rossum who plays a pivotal role as mcteer's wide-eyed protégé . rated pg-13 , there's an intense scene of primitive childbirth . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " songcatcher " is an intelligent , extraordinary 8 , transported by the transcendent power of song . 
writer/director : andrew m . niccol starring : ethan hawke , uma thurman , jude law , loren dean , alan arkin , gore vidal , ernest borgnine , tony shalhoub , xander berkeley , blair underwood , ryan dorin , elias kosteas , jayne brook if you had a chance to create a genetically perfect child , would you do it ? " gattaca " is a film which presents a future where society has answered " yes " to this question , but then ponders if this was actually the right decision . " gattaca " came out only a couple months following the first genetically engineered creature , the lovable dolly the sheep , and with this in mind , the film only becomes more frightening . the way the realm of genetics is heading , it may only take a couple decades until the future " gattaca " presents becomes true . contrary to the misleading trailers , " gattaca " is not a sci-fi thriller , in the way that there's lots of murder , hitchcockian suspense , and chase scenes . this is a quiet , sad film about intelligent theories . in fact , the film seems like it would have been written by george orwell or aldous huxley ( the latter who's novel " brave new world " featured genetically engineered children ) . it's a film that may likely become a cult hit to people who are frightened by a promise of shallow utopia , which is exactly what " gattaca " presents . . . and the main reason i dug it so much . the story revolves around the genetically insufficient vincent freeman ( ethan hawke ) , a man with high hopes but a 90% chance of heart problems , and a prospected life span of around 30 years . as a child , he was put down because of the threats of genetics , while his younger genetically perfect brother , anton ( loren dean ) , was promised whatever his heart desired . vincent yearns to be an astronaut , but when he gets a job at a giant space company , it's as a janitor ( ernest borgnine plays his boss ! ) . but one day , he finds out that it's probably possible that his desires can come true in the form of a business deal brought out by a black market geneticist ( or something ) , german ( " wings " ' tony shalhoub , who did like hundreds of cameos in films back in '97 : " men in black , " " a life less ordinary " . . . ) , who's client is a genetically perfect man , jerome morrow ( jude law ) , who has unfortunately been crippled . fortunately , though , there's no record of the accident , and he's willing to give someone else his life . since vincent looks a bit like him . . . after a couple alterations ( some minor , some really major ) , he has donned the life of jerome , and is doing his job . there , he meets a genetically imperfect woman , irene ( uma thurman , who's genetically perfect in real life anyway , hee hee ) , and the two begin a kind of relationship , albeit a very shallow one since romance is deemed by how great a man's stats are . however , a murder of a high-level worker at his office is killed , and one of vincent/jerome's eyelashes is found by the anal retentive investigators headed by a semi-wily inspector , hugo , ( alan arkin ) , and none other than vincent's long lost brother , anton , who hasn't seen him since they were teenagers . we know vincent/jerome didn't do it , but with his older picture being posted everywhere , not only vincent/jerome's in trouble , but also the real jerome , who's as much in it as he is . however , there isn't many big suspense set pieces , which is actually a blessing because if they were tossed in , the film would lose it's message and descend into just being a sci-fi thriller a la william gibson . the suspense in the film comes from the idea that vincent and jerome can easily be captured just by dropping a hair or dead skin . while there are several scenes which are pretty frightening , there are no big distractions from the point of the film , much to the dismay of commercial audiences . what is actually portrayed is the lack of life in the utopian society that is created . irene has no real spunk in her life , and is rather amazed by the sheer beauty of a sunrise rather than genetically perfect people . and the genetically flawless jerome is in actuality a bitter man , claiming that his accident was really no accident . what jerome has done is fool the system in giving a man who yearns for better things a chance at that , and the ending is shocking as it's a definite work of dystopian propaganda , but doesn't have the down ending of other works of this kind . the production design of this film is probably the best i've seen this year : it's stunning , very pleasing to the eye , but still very cold . since genetics has ruled out any chance of improvement , the world has cooled into a state of inhumanity , and the sets echo a sense of shallow misery . and the sequence of all the high-level workers doing their jobs has a kind of gilliam-esque feel to it , showing the nightmare of slipping into a routine zombie-like life . the ability to perfect people has left humanity cold and generally unhappy . the acting from everyone is great , with thurman giving a wonderfully cold performance , and hawke creating a character who has been beaten down by the system but has found a new sense of optimism by a bitter man who was willing to give it out anyway ( interesting pointless fact : uma and ethan started dating after this film , and currently she is pregnant with his child ) . but the best performance belongs to jude law , who steals every scene he's in , and creates a character filled with the pessimism over having such a horrible burden placed on his burden . i think that people are generally tempted by the fact that genetics can actually create perfection in a child , but whether or not they would actually act on this temptation is something i'm not sure of . " gattaca " warns us not to go any farther , chiefly because we'll create a world of elitism where the elite are shallow and unhappy , and as bitter and angry as the lesser people are . and when i see a possible future featuring a 12-fingered piano player , well folks , that just creeps me out . 
one of my colleagues was surprised when i told her i was willing to see betsy's wedding . and she was shocked to hear that i actually liked it . her reaction was understandable when you consider that the film revolves around molly ringwald , who hasn't made a worthwhile film since 1986 . but the fact is , betsy's wedding is also an alan alda film . and while ringwald has been making duds for the last four years , alda has been involved with several noteworthy projects , including crimes and misdemeanors and a new life . written and directed by alda , betsy's wedding is a vibrant slice-of-life , mixing a few dramatic moments into a big bowl of whimsical humor . alda's comic elixir is smooth and refreshing--and a welcome change of pace from the usual summer fare . as bride and groom , molly ringwald and dylan walsh are the pivotal characters in the film , but they are by far the least interesting . walsh is a nonentity , with all the screen presence of a door knob . ringwald is simply unbearable and is easily the weakest link in the chain . she looks hideous with her short-cropped orange hair , red lip-stick and grotesque outfits . she's supposed to be a dress designer , but she looks more like a clown . and to make matters worse , ringwald's performance matches her appearance . thankfully , alda keeps ringwald's screen time to a minimum ; he is far more interested in the colorful periphery characters . the wedding is just a device to bring together the bride's working-class , italian family and the groom's rich , gentile family . ringwald's folks are homey and down-to-earth , with alda as her free-spirited father , madeline kahn as her practical mother , and ally sheedy as her lonely sister . walsh's clan , on the other hand , is prim , proper and ostentatious . when the two families meet and mingle , the movie becomes a story of culture clash , or as one character puts it , " money versus values . " ally sheedy , in a wonderfully understated performance , is one of the film's most pleasant surprises . sheedy expresses more with just her eyes than ringwald does with her entire body . it's anthony lapaglia , however , who seizes the spotlight . lapaglia plays stevie dee , a suave , overly polite mafioso who is formally courting sheedy with old-fashioned chivalry . lapaglia's sincere but dim-witted character is a riot . and what's uncanny is that lapaglia is a dead ringer for robert de niro , with a little bit of alec baldwin thrown in for good measure . lapaglia seems to have attended the de niro school of gangster acting , and his inspired performance is partly a tribute to his role-model and partly a rip-off . i don't know whether to say a star is born or a star is re-born , but i do know that lapaglia's over-the-top performance should not be missed . the scrumptious comic acting , however , extends well beyond sheedy and lapaglia . joe pesci , in particular , sinks his teeth into his role as alda's unscrupulous brother-in-law , a slum lord with mob ties , who is cheating on his wife ( catherine o'hara ) . alda , faced with challenge of both directing and acting , somehow finds just the right comic touch as the bride's financially-strapped father , a carpenter whose dreams are bigger than his wallet . the film adopts alda's psychological point of view as he tries to one : plan the wedding , and two : pay for it . as a filmmaker , alda's style of humor is remarkably restrained and tasteful . and while he doesn't have the comic genius of a woody allen , alda does possess the inspiration to make movies which are ten times more entertaining than the slop which usually passes for comedy . 
a group of high school kids mix up with a group of hip-hop artists as a documentarian strives to discover why today's youth seem attracted to black culture . if black & white , the new film from writer/director james toback , is eventually remembered for only one thing , it will be the revelation that brooke shields , claudia schiffer , marla maples and mike tyson can act . however , this partly improvised gem will be remembered for more than that . black & white is a fascinating film ; it makes a statement about america's youth and hip-hop culture without getting heavy-handed overly serious . featuring a cast of known commodities ( ben stiller , robert downey jr . ) and hot newcomers ( singers bijou phillips ) , toback's is a complex film worth seeing . black & white has multiple storylines that are all related to each other , a la robert altman . there is dean the basketball player ( allan houston ) who is asked to rig games for money by mark clear ( stiller ) in exchange for fifty grand a game . this eventually spills over into the life of dean's long-time friend rich ( power ) , a gangsta who controls 20 city blocks of harlem . rich has to deal with the imminent opening of a white-owned club on his turf . meanwhile , the young white girls who like to hang around with rich and his homies get talked into being in a documentary by sam donager ( shields ) and her gay husband terry ( downey jr . ) . others who make appearances are william lee scott as the young white punk will , joe pantoliano as his district attorney father , jared leto as a high school teacher , marla maples as the mother of one of hip-hop crazed teens , claudia schiffer as dean's girlfriend , and mike tyson as . . . mike tyson . the stories ebb and flow through the film , losing and gaining prominence over time . friendships are lost , lovers are gained , and there is an occasional burst of violence . originally rated nc-17 in the united states , black & white features a lot of sex between black gangstas and young white girls . while the film was trimmed down to a tamer r rating , viewers will wonder what could be more explicit than what they are seeing . the three-way sexual beginning of the film nicely warns viewers of what they are in for , and several audience members got up and left at that point . the frequent sex is one of the film's few flaws as the titillation is overdone and at times completely unrelated to anything else going on in the film . to toback's credit , the level of violence in black & white is almost nil . these gangstas and hip-hop artists are given real problems and concerns , and only become gun-toting crazies when it benefits them to appear that way . whenever a character finds himself on donager's handheld digital camera , he starts spouting off righteous tirades on america and proclaims his independence , but not everyone has fully bought into the idea . charlie ( phillips ) is full of bluster about why she loves hip-hop , but admits that " in ten years time , i'll be way over this . " these youth know they are going through a phase , and are simply enjoying it . toback fills the spaces between these tirades with scenes that are lightweight and funny . most of the humour comes from mike tyson , who provides the film's comic relief without really trying . he is given big words like vernacular to say , and as rich tries to discuss a particular street problem with tyson , he frequently has to ask him to use smaller words and explain himself better , playing on tyson's image as a dimwit . but tyson also gets the film's scariest moment . as he is mercilessly hit upon by the very gay terry , tyson is a marvel to watch as he fights to remain calm . the scene is entirely improvised , with downey jr . being told to just keep at tyson until he gets a reaction . the reaction he gets , being slapped and then choked is astonishing , as downey jr's face turns a frightening shade of purple . black & white is a film about hip-hop culture , and the film's omnipresent hip-hop soundtrack strongly supports this . but toback keeps things from becoming too serious ; by moving from story to story as quickly as he does , toback keeps us from becoming attached to any one character's struggle . thus black & white's message about hip-hop becomes secondary to the film itself . toback just wants us to have fun and maybe learn a little about hip-hop along the way . and we do . 
pleasantville  . written and directed by gary ross . photography , john lindley . editing , william goldenberg . production designer , jeannine oppewall . art director , dianne wager . set decorator , jay hart . costumes , judianna makovsky . music director , randy newman . produced by ross , jon kilik , robert j . degus , steven soderbergh . cast : tobey maguire ( david/bud ) , jeff daniels ( johnson ) , joan allen ( betty ) , william h . macy ( george ) , j . t . walsh ( big bob ) , don knotts ( tv repairman ) , marley shelton ( margaret ) , jane kaczmarek ( david's mom ) , reese witherspoon ( jennifer/mary sue ) . a new line release . 116 minutes . pg-13 . simplify , simplify ! exaggerate , exaggerate ! combine those strategies with skill and imagination and you can get immediate , public-pleasing results in comedy and satire . that's what happens in the case of " pleasantville , " the aptly and ironically named first feature by gary ross , the co-writer of the fantasy " big , " and the writer of the fanciful , political " dave . " it is crystal-clear that pleasantville is going to become a popular mega-hit and that just about all regular filmgoers know what to expect . even so : siblings david and jennifer are high-school seniors in 1998 and in an unnamed town they share the problem of an unhappily divorced mother and the problem of people their age . at a school assembly , the students are given a pessimistic report on the future : unemployment , aids , environmental disasters , etc . ( this is not a gratuitous announcement , since its aim is to incite good grades that can make the difference in an increasingly competitive society ) . dave and jennifer may be twins but have different personalities . the girl is what , way back when , used to be called " boy-crazy . " her brother takes refuge from the ( presumed ) unpleasantnesses of life by watching cable reruns of old , 1950s family-type sitcoms . an expert in the series " pleasantville , " he is about to enter and undoubtedly win the $1 . 000 first prize in a contest about " pleasantville . " the two kids , following a nicely planned succession of events , and via a mysteriously appearing tv repairman , find themselves transported to and inside the " pleasantville " sitcom , as the characters dave and mary sue , the children of the impossibly neat and idealized ( by 1950's standards pushed beyond their outer limits ) household of betty and george . we are now in a twilight zone territory , but without that program's darkness -- at least not overtly . getting from reality to fantasy also reminds me of the way orpheus ( in jean cocteau's eponymous film ) goes to another world by entering a mirror . " pleasantville " reflects mores and manners of many a 50's sitcom , only taken to the limit . the opening , establishing scenes of the movie proper are in color . set in april 1958 , the program's world is , unsurprisingly , shown in black and white and shades of gray . what is surprising is that its world is strictly limited to the falsely " ideal , " town of pleasantville . there is nothing beyond its main street , which , reaching its end , loops back to its beginning . it is like those images of a coiled snake biting its own tail . there is no history . there are no books , or rather , there are book covers of some major works but the pages inside are blank . the high school has a winning basketball team where everyone scores baskets . one may wonder which other teams they play . or where anything --no , make this everything else , from clothes to cars to meat --you-name it , comes from . but then " pleasantville " requires blind , and willing , suspension of disbelief ! the sitcom is sanitized to the nth power . this goes beyond pristine picked fences , manicured lawns and perfectly surfaced streets , streets that you could fry the proverbial eggs on , except that the year-round temperature is 72 high , 72 low and never a cloud in sight . ( how do they know what clouds are ? never mind ) . not only are there no bathrooms mentioned , but mary sue's attempt to find one results in an room tiled and empty . at a good clip , mary sue and bud affect the place from a to z . since they " belong " in the sitcom , no one sees them , as we do , like those wiser extra-terrestrials of sci-fi flicks . so what they say and do is not questioned . mary sue gradually makes the sexual education of the youths , and , indeed , her own mother , in a neat reversal of the child teaching her mom the facts of life . bud opens new doors , to art , to books ( that have a content now ) , to feelings . among other transformations there is that of mr . johnson ( jeff daniels ) , who seems to be a dimwit soda jerk until bud , aware that johnson has the repressed soul of an artist , releases it by opening his eyes with the gift of a coffee-table art book . if you use logic , you'll wonder where the book came from ; and how its reproductions of paintings , from old to very modern , can affect so strongly a total visual illiterate . but the name of the game with this film is never to ask questions ! in another reversal , the local firemen do not put out fires , since these do not exist . nor do they set fires , as they did in ray bradbury's ( and francois tuffaut's ) cautionary " fahrenheit 451 . " they only know how to rescue cats from high branches . gradually , as the people of pleasantville begin to change , feel and see new things , humans , objects , and nature go from black-and-white to beautiful colors . the colorizing does not , as a rule , affect the entire image but is applied to one item within it while the main view of the screen remains in black and white . color shows up in often unexpected , symbolic places . the process is beautifully thought out and timed , superbly executed with digital techniques taken farther than in any film i can remember . along with the invasions of color , natural phenomena such as rain also appear . the first half of the movie is a delight , especially if you bear in mind that what it spoofs to the max is not really the life of the 1950s but life in certain 1950's tv programs . there is , however , a limit to one- or two-joke stories . the film's second part becomes increasingly like a view of 1950's society seen by militant eyes of the 1960s . the development revs up its parables , takes us into matters concerning reactionary socio-politics , the mistrust of " the other " and of non-conformism , racism , suppression of ideas ( down to a nazi-ish book burning ) , fear of differences , and so on . things become a bit laborious . the underlying idea that change is good and inevitable , is a good one . potshots at the 50s icons are supplemented by sometimes overt , sometimes subtler ironies about the 1990's . they imply that today trends , fads and above all conformism are , under various guises , not unlike those of 40 years ago . it is a sound notion to suggest that in the 90s we can be as self-centered or obscurantist as the pleasantvillers . but the movie might have condensed all this and made its points in under 116 minutes . still , i cannot give too much weight to this objection since this elaboration , dotting of the i's and crossing of the t's , is better than the ponderously encapsulated didacticism that opens and closes the twilight zone's episodes . pleasantville-the-movie has well-meaning allegorical ambitions , as well as a very tricky and a highly imaginative structure surrounding its exaggerations and simplifications . it also has , with no exceptions , a splendid cast that can be touching ( especially the characters played by joan allen and jeff daniels ) , serio-comic ( the siblings ) , oddly pathetic ( william h . macy , and the smartly conceived heavy , j . t . walsh in his last role ) . above all , it is infinitely more original and inventive than the pedestrian , copycat movies that make up the great majority of what goes on screens small and large , in this our time . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
one of the funniest carry on movies and the third with a medical setting . the main story is about dr . james nookey ( jim dale ) who is disliked by his superiors , frederick carver , head of the hospital ( kenneth williams ) , and dr . ernest stoppidge ( charles hawtrey ) who seems to dislike everyone . they attempt to cause him as much trouble in the hospital as possible and all the blame is laid on nookey . carver learns of a possible job opportunity from wealthy ellen moore ( joan sims ) on a distant tropical island and gets nookey trannsferred there . when nookey arrives at this island , he meets gladstone screwer ( sid james ) who has lived on the island just about all his life . screwer is in possession of a wonderful slimming drug made from natural ingredients . dr . nookey returns with the drug to england and sets up a new slimming business with ellen moore's financial backing . however , nookey and moore face opposition from screwer who goes to england to cash in on the drug , and carver and stoppidge who want to know the ingredients to create a rival drug . the performances are all very commendable . sid james has a slightly ambiguous character to play this time and he excels in his role . kenneth williams , as usual , plays the unpopular and cunning head of the hospital . joan sims is entertaining as the wealthy benefactor and jim dale should really head the cast with his excellent portrayal of bumbling nookey . charles hawtrey plays an 'out-of-character' role as dr . stoppidge , the nasty and evil practitioner who wants to knock nookey off his perch . some critics have said that this combination of hawtrey and stoppidge does not work well , but i think that it at least gives hawtrey a new part to play instead of the usual dimwit characters . as a matter of fact , hawtrey is suitably cunning in the part . other regulars in the movie include hattie jacques as the matron yet again ( but this part is probably her most boring 'matron' ) and barbara windsor as nookey's love interest and unofficial 'women's lib' campaigner , goldie locks . both jacques and windsor play their parts well . patsy rowlands appears briefly as miss fosdick , and there are very small cameos from wilfrid brambell ( from 'steptoe and son' fame ) and peter butterworth . the jokes are mostly very funny , the story is quite appealing , and the regulars seem interested in what they're doing . although it is another medical carry on movie and some of the jokes are borrowed from previous movies , it still comes out on top ( it is the best medical carry on ) because of the above factors . a must-see carry on movie . 
directed by peter lord and nick park . screenplay by karey kirkpatrick , from a story by lord and park . starring julia sawalha , mel gibson , miranda richardson . running time : 84 minutes . rated g by the mfcb . reviewed on june 27th , 2000 . " chicken run " is the first full-length feature from nick park , creator of the popular " wallace and gromit " series of short films . like those movies , " chicken run " is done entirely in the claymation style of animation ( albeit far more advanced than those old rankin-bass christmas specials from the sixties that crop up on tv every december ) , and features a primarily british cast and setting . the result is a lovely family film , one which is sure to have tremendous appeal for the children while keeping the grown-ups quietly amused , as well . the tweedy chicken farm is home to hundreds of imprisoned chickens . some , like bunty ( imelda staunton ) , raf veteran fowler ( benjamin whitrow ) and dimwitted babs ( jane horrocks ) seem to accept their situation . others , like the feisty ginger ( julia sawalha from " absolutely fabulous " ) and scientific mac ( lynn ferguson ) are determined to escape . to this end , they devise numerous schemes of sometimes mindboggling complexity -- but every time , they meet with failure and are nabbed by the oafish mr tweedy ( tony haygarth ) . observes ginger , it's not enough that just one or two chickens escape -- she wants everyone to be free of the tweedys . then one day , rocky rhodes ( mel gibson ) , a smooth-talking flying rooster from america , lands in the chicken coop with an injured wing . he claims he can teach the chickens to fly , igniting ginger's hopes and dreams one more time . but the chickens' mission is given new urgency when profit-minded mrs tweedy ( miranda richardson ) , tired of making chickenfeed ( excuse the pun ) selling eggs , purchases a fearsome new pie-making machine . " chickens go in , pies come out , " she declares . " oooh , " says mr tweedy , " what kind of pies ? " visually , " chicken run " is a treat . it doesn't possess the same kind of awe-inspiring cinematography as the summer's previous kid-oriented picture , " dinosaur " , but rather allows the viewer to feast upon the details of its every frame . there's a lot going on in each scene of " chicken run " , and i was particularly impressed by how so many of the claymation puppets were given distinct mannerisms , like babs' constant knitting . claymation is a very different , more tactile style of animation than hand-drawn or computerised cartoons , giving the events an extra layer of reality , no matter how outlandish the goings-on . this is particularly effective in scenes like one where rocky and ginger are trapped in the bowels of the pie machine . the dangers are still comical but they feel more real , and the entire voyage through the contraption is all the more fascinating because of it . nowhere is this more true than in the movie's outstanding climax , a more thrilling and inventive ending than most films so far this year . you'll believe a chicken can fly . . . as it were . the voicework is generally accomplished , particularly amongst the british cast : mel gibson does a fine job as rocky , but he's clearly just playing a skewed version of his own public image here . the other artistes give their characters more personality , and as a result chickens like ginger and fowler come across as better-rounded individuals . indeed , the animals of " chicken run " are by and large more interesting than the humans in most other movies this summer ! richardson , meanwhile , finds just the right note as the fiendish but not too-exaggerated mrs tweedy . and horrocks is perhaps best of all as the simple-minded , put-upon mr tweedy , who is the only one aware that the chickens are plotting an escape ( " the chickens -- they've organised ! " he protests to his disbelieving wife ) . as a comedy , " chicken run " is funny , but i suspect children will get more laughs out of it than adults . certainly , i found the movie made me just smile more often than outright guffaw . that said , there are definitely elements intended for both age groups , and the screenplay by karey kirkpatrick slips in several references which only the grown-ups will get -- the chickens meet in hut 17 , for example , a sly reference to the world war ii internment movie " stalag 17 " , starring william holden . viewers should particularly keep an eye out for the cleverly-named nick and fetcher ( timothy spall from " topsy-turvy " and phil daniels ) , two rats who supply the chickens with merchandise -- for a price . this pair forms a hilarious double act , and steal virtually every scene they're in . be sure to stick around for their post-credits conversation . " chicken run " avoids the pitfall of many kids' movies by not being particularly preachy or heavy-handed in getting its message across . there's a lot of good stuff here , about teamwork and never giving up , but kirkpatrick doesn't belabor the point . he trusts that his audience is intelligent enough to figure these things out for themselves ; i wish other movies had this kind of faith . parents will also be glad to learn that , content-wise , " chicken run " should be suitable for just about any age . there are scenes of suspense ( like the aforementioned journey through the pie machine ) , but these are tempered with a lot of humor and shouldn't prove notably frightening . even scenes depicting the stark reality of the chicken farm -- a chicken who can no longer lay eggs is beheaded and cooked for dinner by the tweedys , for instance -- are handled in a careful manner that gets the idea across without being unnecessarily traumatising . " chicken run " is just what the box office needed amongst the tidal wave of big-budget summer actions flicks : a good-natured , funny movie that pretty much anyone can enjoy . well-written , well-acted and certainly well-made , " chicken run " may by the best family movie this year . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/chickenrun . html _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
© copyright 2001 planet sick-boy . all rights reserved . with his last two films - shine and snow falling on cedars - australian director scott hicks has proven his cinematic flashbacks to be some of the best out there , and his latest , hearts in atlantis , is no different . its structure - beginning and ending in present day with one long flashback in the middle - is similar to the green mile , which is a bit ironic considering both were based on stephen king books . the parallels don't end there , either . atlantis was adapted by william goldman , who had previously penned the big-screen version of misery and is in the process of working on the script for king's dreamcatcher . even the film's content is a bit reminiscent of mile . in fact , it's the perfect blend of the feel-good '60s nostalgia of stand by me ( also by king ) and mystical power hokum of mile . king's atlantis is a book comprised of five related short stories , but the main focus here is on the first ( and longest ) tale , called low men in yellow coats ( the film's title comes from the second chapter ) . it's set in 1960 harwich , connecticut , where 11-year-old bobby garfield ( anton yelchin ) lives in a boarding house run by his cold , self-centered mother elizabeth ( hope davis , joe gould's secret ) , who seems to care more about her wardrobe than her son . bobby spends his time with his two closest friends , john sullivan ( will rothhaar ) and tomboy carol gerber ( mika boorem ) , who become something like the kevin , paul and winnie of harwich . when a new tenant moves into the vacant room , the fatherless bobby finds a male role model in ted brautigan ( anthony hopkins , hannibal ) , a mysterious stranger who is vague enough about his past to make bobby's mom suspicious enough to at least momentarily turn her head away from the mirror . ted teaches his young neighbor about the wonders of literature ( after his cheapskate mother gives him a library card for his birthday ) , dispenses prophetic words of wisdom and even pays bobby one dollar a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for the low men , a group of people chasing ted to exploit his special powers . i won't go into what these powers are , but they're considerably toned down from the book ( and don't involve black stuff flying out of ted's mouth , a la mile ) . atlantis' present-day setting which bookends the film is based on the novel's final chapter , titled heavenly shades of night are falling , and features david morse ( in yet another connection to the green mile ) as a married , middle-aged bobby who learns of the death of both of his childhood friends and returns to the dilapidated boarding house in which he spent his formative years . atlantis is nowhere near as flashy as hicks' cedars , which is disappointing but understandable considering the switch from the completely amazing robert richardson to the occasionally amazing piotr sobocinski , the oscar-nominated cinematographer behind krzysztof kieslowski's red . the acting is solid from everyone , including hopkins , who never once makes you think of dr . lecter . most impressive are youngsters yelchin and boorem , who both had tiny parts in along came a spider . while i didn't really have much of a problem with goldman's screenplay , i do need to point out at least one inconsistency . goldman , for those of you who don't read premiere , writes what seems like an annual criticism of everybody else's films , carefully explaining why they all suck , make no sense and insult their audiences , while somehow failing to mention the crap that he's penned ( like the general's daughter ) . it's mean-spirited but fun to read , mostly on account of nobody else in hollywood having the balls to say anything remotely negative about anybody else in the business ( including michael jackson , o . j . and robert blake ) . in atlantis , which is supposed to be told through the eyes of young bobby , one would assume he would have to be in each scene in order to have the memory to which to flash back . well , he's not , and it doesn't make sense . 1 : 41 - pg-13 for violence and thematic elements 
bob the happy bastard's quickie review : so what's the problem with 48 hours clones these days ? they always try for the same thing that eddie murphy and nick nolte had . that was the problem that plagued these clones , not to mention the actual sequel : another 48 hours , a complete waste of film . but , at last , someone has a different take on the matter , and it's director brett rainer . rush hour features jackie chan in his first u . s . action movie , playing a chinese detective who's being flown to the us to investigate the kidnapping of the chinese consulate's daughter . of course , the fbi is upset that he'll be interfering in their investigation , and stick him with an lapd office with a big mouth- of course , that's chris tucker . what makes rush hour work so damn well is the chemistry between the energetic chan and the absolutely hilarious tucker . tucker mouths off to chan at every given opportunity ( " i'm michael jackson , you tito . " ) , and chan delivers a few zingers of his own , as well as some terrific fight scenes . the story's pretty much your average fare , but with a decent twist involving the main villain , a highly clouded figure named jun tao . at least it's entertaining , and the concept is excellently realized . a particular fight scene in a chinese office , where chan and tucker duke it out with the bad guys , is funny and energetic at the same time . and the finale's a real treat as well . . . chan delivers yet another fantastic stunt for the fans with a 10-story drop . rush hour is just the sort of film you'll get a kick out of on any night of the week . just make sure you don't look for anything culturally different and you'll be fine- drunken master ii this ain't . 
austin powers : the spy who shagged me ( 1999 ) reviewed by eugene novikov http : //www . ultimate-movie . com member : online film critics society starring mike meyers , heather graham , seth green , verne troyer . rated pg-13 ( but should be r ) . when a someone journeys to the theater to see a comedy , he always risks having to sit through inanity such as what we recently saw in films like edtv and office space . it really is too bad that comedies are so hit- and-miss , because when a moviegoer goes in a theater expecting to be amused , it really is a shame when the alleged comedy fails to deliver . but weep not , dear readers , because the latest comedy out of the hollywood movie mill is nothing less than a sure bet . austin powers : the spy who shagged me is one of the funniest things i've had the pleasure to see in a long time ; a completely looney , delightful parody of the often pretentious james bond flicks . if all comedies ( or even half ; or - - what am i saying ? -- even a fifth of them ) could be this consistently hysterical , i would take up residence at my local multiplex . even more to this movie's credit is the fact that it is a sequel to the 1997 sleeper/cult hit austin powers : international man of mystery . the original came out of nowhere ; it was a low-budget , eccentric movie that many expected to flop like a leslie nielsen parody . all of a sudden it was being quoted by teenagers all over america . ironically , powers' " yeeeeah baby , yeah ! " has almost become an icon of the late 90s . thus another installment was inevitable , but it's also undoubtedly welcome . the spy who shagged me is one of the most unrestrained , over- the-top comedies i have ever seen in my entire life . it brings back most of the characters from its predecessor ( even if only briefly ) and adds new ones . austin powers ( mike myers ) , a swinging hipster from the 60s transported into the 90s has to go back to his own time to get back his mojo ( oh , you'll figure it out ) , which dr . evil ( meyers again ) has stolen . he enlists the help of a gorgeous secret agent felicity shagwell ( now that his prior sidekick vanessa has been properly disposed of in a hilarious opening sequence ) , played without much distinguishable gusto by heather graham and together they go back to the 60s to defeat dr . evil yet again . surprisingly , the real star is dr . evil rather than austin . he gets most of the screen time because he was so popular in the first movie . perhaps this is true because he is portrayed and written so affectionately . instead of being the scheming , villainous mad scientist we might expect from a character like this he is a bumbling , often sweet mad scientist wannabe . the spy who shagged me has much of the same stuff we saw in the original , but that's okay by me because the original left us wanting more . by the time that one was over we haven't had nearly our share of shag jokes , crude puns and powers' antics and this sequel satisfies our appetites . even by its conclusions , i'm still not sure i've had my fill of bits like " do you smoke after sex ? " " i don't know , baby , i never looked . " this may seem awfully immature of me , but understand that the austin powers series , unlike most of the crap hollywood feeds us these days , is genuinely funny . i don't know if i've ever laughed harder at any movie than i did during the jerry springer send up or the indubitably hilarious " just the two of us " rendition by dr . evil and his new miniature clone named " mini-me " . i don't have any pretensions that this is particularly smart social satire or anything of the sort . indeed there is little beyond the joy a viewer feels when he sees something that is able to entertain him as much as this movie did . but as far as i'm concerned , that is enough . ©1999 eugene novikov &#137 ; sent via deja . com http : //www . deja . com/ share what you know . learn what you don't . 
 1999 , g , 90 minutes [1 hour , 30 minutes] [animated - adventure/drama] starring the voices of : tony goldwyn ( tarzan ) , minnie driver ( jane porter ) , lance henriksen ( kerchak ) , brian blessed ( clayton ) ; written by tab murphy , bob tzudiker , noni white ; produced by bonnie arnold ; directed by chris buck , kevin lima ; based on the story `tarzan of the apes' and characters created by edgar rice burroughs . seen july 4 , 1999 at 7 : 15 p . m . at crossgates cinemas 18 ( guilderland , ny ) , theater #9 , by myself for free using my hoyts season pass . [theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture and seats] title : `tarzan' beautiful to look at , easy to follow . review : disney continues its trend of producing animated summer blockbuster movies meant mostly for children but with enough wit and charm for adults to be interested and at least entertained by the story . the basic premise is the same as every other `tarzan' story : a boy is raised in the african jungle by gorillas and becomes one himself never really understanding ( or even noticing ) that he's human and is a lot different from the animals he befriends . the first third of the film shows how tarzan comes to be adopted by kala ( voiced by glen close ) , a female gorilla who lost her own child in a classic case of darwanism . her mate , kerchak ( henriksen ) , is a mean , conservative leader of the pack of gorillas who make up tarzan's extended family . he refuses to acknowledge tarzan ( voiced by alex d . linz during the childhood scenes ) as a son and often has to hold himself back from killing tarzan after he continually does dangerous , wild things that are the result of his own childish instincts . i have a feeling children will quickly be able to identify with tarzan since all he really is is just a kid who wants to have fun and it's funny how the adults fail to comprehend this . later , as the story transitions from tarzan as a child to a full-grown man ( voiced by goldwyn ) , he is encounter by a party of three humans from england : jane porter ( driver ) , a beautiful woman who is something of a zoologist and an artist , her father prof . archimedes q . porter ( voiced by nigel hawthorne ) who is also a scientist ; and their slick and cunning , yet barbaric safari bodyguard clayton ( blessed ) . it's easy to tell where the story is going at all times but the screenplay doesn't seem like it was written hastily nor dumbed down for children's enjoyment . sure there's a lot of cliche stuff here , like clayton's smugness and diabolical manipulation of tarzan and jane ; the goofy supporting characters ( voiced by rosie o'donnell [in full brooklyn accent ! ] and wayne knight - `hello newman ! ' ) . there's also a lot of fun action such as tarzan's swinging through the jungle on vines and sliding down and around tree branches and trunks . it's just like skateboarding really fast and doing all sorts of tricks ( those mcdonald's commercials really prove this point ) . ultimately , you get exactly out of `tarzan' what you expect . . . and i mean that as a compliment , so have high expectations . pros : animation and sound are a feast for the senses , story is lighthearted , breezy and not dumbed-down , no stupid sing-along songs to get stuck in your head . cons : surprisingly violent , should have been rated pg . young children may not understand some of the more adult themes ( parents , be ready to have some heavy questions thrown your way ) . running time is a bit short . would you recommend this to friends ? not to my friends , but to the movie-going public i would . score : * * * ( out of * * * * ) or 4 ( out of 5 with no 0 rating ) . --------------------------------- please visit chad'z movie page  - over 220 new and old movies reviewed in-depth , not just blind ratings and blather capsules . member of the o . f . c . s .  ( online film critics society ) 
stan laurel and oliver hardy would probably enjoy 'mouse hunt' . the humour is designed to be something straight out of one of their movies . the great slapstick duo of film's early years cannot be compared to anyone so the comparison to them is only in the style of comedy projected by this movie . two brothers ( nathan lane and lee evans ) have inherited two things upon the death of their father ( william hickey ) . the first is a string factory falling on hard times and the second is a creaky and neglected mansion built in 1876 . at first thought , it appears that the house is worthless but upon further examination of some blueprints they discover , it occurs to them that the year 1876 was the american centennial and they also discover that the house was built by a world renowned architect admired by the wealthy . one man offers the brothers a substantial amount for the dwelling and tells them that he has over 40 other houses designed by the same architect . they decline his offer because they feel they can get more by auctioning it off . embarking on a much needed renovation , the brothers find there is a slight problem which may lower the property value of their house ; a mouse ! they feel that the problem could be more than one mouse but it turns out from the audience's look at the film that there is indeed only one mouse who feels the two brothers are the invaders and not him . the mouse is extremely clever as he avoids traps and leads the brothers into creating more destruction for themselves in their attempt to catch him . the mouse steals an entire block of round cheese by rolling it like a wheel . he has the brothers fall victim to their multiple mouse traps and he even outsmarts an expert exterminator ( christopher walken ) in a key role approaching it like he was a bounty hunter . 'mouse hunt' is a good family film addressing the necessary comic turns comparable to the dark punch of a boxing glove and lee evans is hilarious as the better of the two brothers named smuntz . sounds like a name perfect for comedy . the interesting thing about the movie is that the scenes with the rodent rascal are done three ways . with a real mouse , a mechanical one and a computer enhanced one for those scenes that look cartoonish and that is much of the films content . much of the humour is dark but also very cute with special appeal to children and while it is a cross between a road runner cartoon and a laurel and hardy slapstick feature , it still is worth a look . 
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . ------------------------------------------------------------- among my fanatical ticker tape-worshipping friends , there's one who happens to share the same philosophy espoused by the central character in darren aronofsky's darkly original pi : the entire stock market can be reduced to nothing but a series of patterns which , through analysis , will produce information to accurately forecast future behaviour . ( an example of the mentality involved : if the stock price goes up like this , and then down like that , and then sharply up this way , it then will go * this * way . ) while i freely admit that i know less than nothing about the market ( knowledge check : prices up -- good ; prices down -- bad ; most of the time , at least ) and hence really couldn't comment with any authority , it's always nonetheless struck me as an incredibly naive oversimplification of an astonishingly complex system ( and besides , if it were that simple , no doubt somebody would've already figured it all out ) . the difference in this case is that while my colleague ( an otherwise assuredly realistic individual ) truly believes in this in and of itself as a valid forecaster , pi uses this ideology as a device with which to investigate its character's psychosis . it's also vastly more convincing with its argument . " mathematics is the language of the universe , " insists genius protagonist maximillian cohen ( sean gullette ) in a cool , mantra-like voice-over which repeats throughout the picture . since nature can be expressed in numbers , and there are patterns everywhere in nature , he reasons with eminent logic that finding the patterns will allow him to predict anything -- the ups and downs of the stock market , how many games the yankees will win this year , the flavour of jam i'm going to put on my toast tomorrow morning . obsessed with finding the proverbial key to the universe , max lives in paranoid , self-imposed solitude in a seedy nyc chinatown apartment , single-mindedly toiling away with his monstrous homemade computer system . sullenly withdrawn and plauged by debilitating migraines , the elusive pursuit of a mysterious 216-digit number his machine spits out one day is driving him into madness . the story , then , is basically an eccentricity , but it's a clever , astute eccentricity , perceptively zeroing in on the modern mistrust of mathematical reductionism ; in an age where a dominant societal phobia is one's individualism being replaced by a series of numeric identifiers , max's all-consuming penchent for numbers at once creates a lingering , unsettling mood . it helps matters that he's not a particularly likable protagonist . all attempts of friendliness from neighbours are curtly rebuffed by max , a spindly , neurotic-looking individual who hasn't the time to indulge in pleasantries . for a film which puts its lead character front and center ( mr . gullette appears in virtually every scene ) , pi takes a refreshing and effective approach in avoiding conventional aesthetics ; because of our ambivalence with max , we're not so much avidly rooting for him to triumph with a moment of epiphany as we're following him through this plot with a sense of mixed dread and morbid fascination -- it's more disturbing journey than quest . still , we do care about max's fate . teetering on the edge of dementia , he winds up being pursued by two different groups which want to pick his brain , both fronted by deliciously perky , resolutely cheerful representatives with inevitably duplictious intentions . as we know , in films where paranoia is a dominant element ( see the truman show's laura linney character ) , or for that matter , in real life , it's always the ones who never stop smiling at you and are overly friendly that are the ones of which to be wary . pi , a film that addresses patterns , itself intentionally adheres to an identifiable pattern cycle -- headache scene ; important revelation or bit of plot development ; pill-popping montage ; hallucinatory nightmare ( with decidedly cronenberg-esque undertones -- few other directors are as equally adept in bridging unsettling concepts and body-themed horror ) ; nosebleeding reality . the repetitiveness , far from being tedious , is effectively maddening ; more than anything , the picture aims to get under our skins and take in events from max's claustrophobic perspective . in this regard , it wildly succeeds due to mr . aronofsky's striking direction . it's a rarity that a film so completely immerses itself into a protagonist's warped perspective of his surrounding , and high contrast black-and-white cinematography combined with constant usage of extreme close-ups lend a heightened sense of paranoia to the proceedings . ( in some scenes , the stark composition in conjunction with the lumbering approach by mr . gullette make his character curiously resemble a latter-day max schreck , from nosferatu . ) using savage , jittery lensing and rapid cuts to create a sense of disorientation , the picture is often dizzying to behold , and max's effective isolationism is emphasized by shots from the so-called snorri cam , which keep him in plain focus while the environment races by in blurred bursts . pi's raw , aggressive visuals are reminiscent of david lynch's early work ( in particular , eraserhead ) . the film's sinister tone splashes onto the screen immediately with a dazzling opening credit sequence ably backed by a sly electronic score by clint mansell , and gradually increases in intensity . still , amidst all its kafkaesque qualities and overall dispassionate mood , pi does occasionally display a sense of humour . at one point , marcy dawson ( pamela hart , great fun ) entices max with the offer of an invaluable treasure : a one-of-a-kind . . . computer chip . " isn't it beautiful , " she coos . a showcase for mr . aronofsky's technical virtuosity ( made for $60 000 , it's since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ) , pi is an intriguingly cerebral story which , ironically , is perhaps the most purely visceral film of the year . 
1997 , r , 127 minutes [2 hours , 7 minutes] starring : johnny depp ( joe pistone/donnie brasco ) , al pacino ( lefty ) , anne heche ( maggie pistone ) , michael madsen ( sonny ) ; written by paul attanasio ; produced by louis digiaimo , mark johnson ,  barry levinson ,  gail mutrux ; directed by mike newell ; based on the book " donnie brasco : my undercover life in the mafia " by joseph d . pistone , richard woodley . seen february 15 , 1998 on home video ( borrowed from chris wessell ) . when it comes to modern gangster movies , it's really difficult to describe and review them without making comparisons to other films of the genre and/or just using the word " routine . " i've always subscribed to the philosophy that any idea ( no matter how many times it's been used before ) can provide for a good story and " donnie brasco " clinches this idea . it's not unlike most of the great films of the genre , yet it never apes another's style as it has a good layer of authenticity , even if its core is a tad stale . the film starts off in typical fashion by defining its atmosphere of new york city in the late 1970s and the mobsters who inhibit it . we meet lefty ( pacino ) , an aging wiseguy who can still walk the walk and talk the talk . he and his associates go through the generic motions you expect to see in crime films like this . somehow he comes across donnie brasco ( depp ) , a younger guy with a lot of spunk who isn't afraid of lefty and his rep , and even manages to befriend him after lefty was ready to kill him . it's clear donnie is new to the life and lefty recognizes this immediately , telling him all the tricks of the trade . i have never seen this technique of actually revealing the mafioso idiosyncrasies done before and for this the film deserves credit . however , we soon realize donnie is actually joe pistone , an fbi agent working undercover - a character who symbolizes the viewer as he will soon be purged into the lifestyle and treated as a newcomer . the first act works as a guided to ot of rhetoric about wiseguy honor , a brief history of the mob , definitions of their slang , and where their money comes from and who it goes to . the screenplay is rather sketchy on the details surrounding these elements , however , the fact they are mentioned at all is quite original . most gangster movies seem to be made with the notion the viewer already knows how the mob works ( probably from watching other gangster movies ) , and although this attitude comes across , the film tries to fill in all the holes where and when it can and the effort is appreciable . thankfully the film doesn't become too caught up in the tedious details of organized crime , and instead opts for character development . much of the story is told simply through the interaction between lefty and donnie . pacino is outstanding here as the pathetic hood who speaks of his job in the same manner any blue collar worker would . he's old and exhausted but seems to enjoy what he does , just as anyone loyal to the same employer for over 30 years might be . we learn of his accomplishments , which are quite impressive within their context , and when he complains about not being made top boss , it's easy to sympathize with him . newell constantly plays up this aspect , making it a major theme which works well in the long run . as donnie is constantly impressing and even one-upping lefty , it's hard to tell which emotion is more powerful : the fact donnie is getting closer to nailing the mob ; or the fact lefty has once again been over shadowed . most of the film tells the story of donnie's life in mafia , which creates for many sub-plots and individual conflicts , but doesn't always seem to come together as a whole . the storytelling is genuinely interesting throughout , even when the motions the characters go through seem familiar . the resonance to donnie's actual assignment varies , he often reports back to the feds with detail of his progress , but it doesn't always seem to have much meaning . back home , his wife maggie ( heche ) is ready to divorce him because he's never a and the family is suffering . since this is based on a true story i wouldn't doubt this would happen , although the way it is handled often borders on the melodramatic . my only major complaint is the film seems to have no final act , or at least any real sense of closure . a climax of sorts does occur , but there's little feeling of a payoff . we get a happy ending , which is good , but perhaps a sad ending would have been more powerful . aside from a few minor , general flaws , " donnie brasco " manages to be a solid piece of storytelling and character development . it may be routine , but it's good , and that's respectful . please visit chad'z movie page @ http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz - over 190 new and old films reviewed in depth , not just blind ratings and quick capsules . also , check out the first shay astar web page @ http : //members . aol . com/chadpolenz/shayastar . html 
directed by robert zemeckis . screenplay by clark gregg , from a story by sarah kernochan and gregg . starring michelle pfeiffer , harrison ford , diana scarwid . running time : 129 minutes . rated aa by the mfcb . reviewed on july 25th , 2000 . when i went to see " the sixth sense " for the first time last year , i was dismayed by how much of the first two-thirds of the film was spoiled by the trailer . the movie was obviously constructed with the assumption that the viewer was unaware haley joel osment's character could see dead people . otherwise , the entire opening act constituted a thinly-veiled exercise in misdirection , and i have more respect for the picture than to believe that . in the end , although i was very much entertained " the sixth sense " , i was left wondering how much more enthralled i would have been had so much not been revealed to me in the promotional material . a year later , and wouldn't you know that history has repeated itself . this time , the offending party is the preview for " what lies beneath " , the new thriller starring michelle pfeiffer and harrison ford , and directed by robert zemeckis ( " back to the future " , " forrest gump " ) . as poorly-conceived as the trailer for " the sixth sense " was , its " what lies beneath " counterpart is infinitely more risible . in this day and age of inspired , creative marketing strategies like the " blair witch project " website and the " x-men " political campaign , it amazes me that we are still forced to endure such hamfisted efforts as this one . however , i refuse to review " what lies beneath " on the basis of its trailer alone ( although i am rather appalled that zemeckis has actually condoned it because , essentially , he doesn't think people will see his movie without knowing the plot beforehand ) . it is true to say that my enjoyment of the film was hampered because i had too much foreknowledge of the events . but i will make every effort to set this aside , and review " what lies beneath " on its own merits . as the film opens , norman spencer ( ford ) and his wife claire ( pfeiffer ) are seeing their daughter off to college , leaving just the two of them alone in their old lakeside vermont cottage . spencer is a genetics professor who sometimes seems married more to his work than to his wife . as a result , claire is often left alone in the house . when neighbour warren feur's wife mary ( miranda otto ) goes missing after an argument , strange things start happening . doors open by themselves , electronics misbehave , and claire thinks she sees a face in the water . she becomes convinced that warren ( james remar ) has murdered his wife , and that she is now being haunted by mary's ghost . norman , however , thinks his wife is going insane . with " what lies beneath " , zemeckis is clearly trying to evoke hitchcock . most obviously , the entire subplot about the feurs is a lift right out of my own all-time favourite movie , " rear window " , as claire spies on the neighbours through binoculars and finds disturbing but circumstantial evidence of foul play . but here is one way the trailer helps to undermine the picture ( and if you haven't seen it , skip to the next paragraph now ) . we know that the ghost isn't mary feur , so the entire sequence -- which occupies most of the first half of the movie -- feels exactly like the elaborate red herring that it is . as a result , i found myself impatiently wanting the movie to just get on with it . zemeckis does successfully create a creepy atmosphere ; there are plenty of scares in " what lies beneath " , and some of the effects ( the face in the water , a message in the condensation on a bathroom mirror ) are understated but work very well . the movie is cheapened , though , by the use of several thriller cliches -- the sudden appearance of a family pet , the best friend with coincidental occult inclinations , the killer who just won't die . most notably , zemeckis badly overuses the device of having a character suddenly appear in the frame . this was effective the first few times , but it got rather silly when i lost track of the number of times it occurred . helping to foster the sinister atmosphere is a fine performance by pfeiffer , whose character is vulnerable and confused , but not weak . she remains a captivating actor , able to communicate more with her eyes than many performers can with their whole body . pfeiffer is particularly good in scenes where she becomes possessed by the ghost , seemlessly assuming an persona without exaggerating the change . ford starts off weakly , mumbling his way through the early scenes , but finds his stride in the latter half . it is good to see the actor return to roles with a bit of an edge to them , unlike the straight-laced , do-no-wrong heroes he has portrayed for much of the past decade in films like " patriot games " and " air force one " . ford was always at his best playing characters with something of an anti-hero bent , like han solo or " blade runner " 's deckard , and to an extent , " what lies beneath " is reminiscent of that . " what lies beneath " rides a consistent upward curve , as the supernatural events ( or are they ? ) continue and claire gets closer and closer to uncovering the secret behind the apparitions . things fall off the rails a bit when the identity of the villain ( which , i'll admit , came as a surprise to me ) is finally revealed and the film takes a plunge into " scream " -type slasher fare . rather extreme measures are taken to demonise the character ( like a reference to the villain's attention focussing next on claire's daughter ) which come across as more than a little heavy-handed . but things end well with a spooky , beautifully photographed climax which is carried out with just enough conviction to make it work . although it by no means achieves the heights of deep-rooted , psychological terror as , say , " the blair witch project " , " what lies beneath " is very successful on a more visceral level , and is certainly one of the scarier movies of recent times . it's not the sort of film that will give you nightmares -- the frights are too immediate and short-sighted for that -- but it is a lot of fun all the same . 
the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver . it's a movie of weddings , marriage , family , infidelity , and--oh yes--love . like 3 men and a baby , cousins is an americanized version of a french film : 1975's cousin , cousine . the plot is complicated , but it goes something like this . larry and tom are cousins , each of whom is not-so-happily-married . tom starts an affair with larry's wife , tish , and to get even , larry and tom's wife , maria , pretend to have an affair of their own . soon the pretending turns to love and cousins is off and running . cousins is populated by a wide assortment of interesting characters and caricatures . the acting is first rate down to even the smallest supporting role , and virtually every performance deserves mention . ted danson ( in his first starring film role ) finally gets to play a character with some depth and sensitivity . while larry may be confident and charming like sam malone on " cheers , " he is also complex and vulnerable , with more between his ears than empty space . as maria , isabella rossellini is a joy to watch ; she is shy , sensuous , and immensely alluring . sean young is perfectly cast as larry's picture perfect wife , tish , a superficial and trendy make-up consultant . keith coogan , from adventures in babysitting , is wonderfully weird and eccentric as larry's rebellious son , mitch . and finally , lloyd bridges in a tour de force performance is mitch's rambunctious grandfather ; he provides some of cousins' best lines and laughs . like moonstruck , cousins is a mix of drama and comedy . the film is larger than life and has a keen sense of the absurd . it understands human nature extremely well and milks it for every possible laugh and heart-tug . how often do you see a movie where you believe that two characters truly and sincerely care for and love each other , as friends and as lovers ? well , to its credit , cousins is just such a movie . let's hope the french continue to provide us with the inspiration to make films like cousins 
the truman show  -a review by bill chambers ( wchamber@netcom . ca ) ( by now , most of you know how much my site sucks . come visit this train wreck of a webpage , anyway : film freak central http : //www . geocities . com/~billchambers some cool new features , plus a little shop of horrors ( 1986 ) rare dvd auction until june 12th . ) starring jim carrey , ed harris , laura linney , natasha mcelhone screenplay by andrew niccol directed by peter weir weir is well-respected in hollywood for turning scripts with difficult subject-matter into deceptively simple , powerful films , the mosquito coast ( utopia ) and fearless ( post-traumatic stress disorder ) among them . in the truman show , weir essentially breathes life into the now-tired concept of media-manipulation by tackling the material from the inside-out . it certainly helps that he has an underrated performer in top-form playing the title character , truman burbank . by now you must be aware of the premise : unbeknownst to him , truman ( carrey ) is the star of his own tv series , a 24-7 peep-show in which he is surrounded by actors and placed in loosely scripted situations ; people around the world tune in for the voyeuristic thrill of his genuine reactions to fictitious stimulants . `seahaven' , his hometown , and the show itself , are the brainchild of christof ( harris ) , who presides over his creation in the base of a fake moon , directing over 500 cameras and hundreds of actors and extras . for 30 years , truman suspects nothing-`we accept the reality we're given , ' poses christof-but a desire to break free of the sunny town and visit a long lost love in `fiji' ( mcelhone , who was actually an actress fired by christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement ) overwhelms him . thus , christof and his team suddenly find themselves working twice as hard to keep the veneer of seahaven intact , lest truman discover the world outside and put an end to the highly-rated program . in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second-reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three-quarters through . this allows us to comprehend and accept truman's world before we contextualize it . for all his madness , christof has shown the world a place without violence and hardship , and demonstrated that a human being can function well within it . truman is an inspiration to his audience because he grew up to be , well , so darn nice ; like a sibling ( or , perhaps more appropriately , a caged animal in an interactive zoo ) , they want to see him succeed . the surrealistic soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight screenplay and a sympathetic carrey-he really is an everyman here , abandoning his facial contortions in favour of a credible , wide-eyed bewilderment . cinematically , the truman show is impeccable , stylishly photographed by peter biziou and littered with symbolic images . as well , it employs wojciech kilar's piece " zycie za zycie' masterfully and beautifully . if the film has any flaws , one may find them in laura linney's characterization as meryl , truman's " wife " ( i doubt that betty crocker impersonation would fool anyone ) , and in a subplot involving truman's `father' , which feels curiously incomplete . there are a few stupendous sequences , and the film pulls off a wonderful trick : we become truman's audience as much as the loyal viewers in the film . they wear buttons asking `how will it end ? ' i couldn't wait to know myself , though i didn't exactly want it to end , for this inspired movie is possibly the best-and most complex-summer picture in years . 
cookie's fortune ( 1999 ) reviewed by eugene novikov http : //www . ultimate-movie . com/cookiesfortune . html member : online film critics society starring glenn close , julianne moore , liv tyler , chris o'donnell , charles s . dutton . rated pg-13 . robert altman's cookie's fortune is that rare movie that does not depend on sentimentality to be uplifting and to make its viewers feel good . it is a sunny , delightful , dreamy comedy , filled with lovely performances , skillful direction and topped off with an understated , clever , extraordinary script . as this is an ensemble piece , it is forced to start of slowly as it introduces us to its characters , all of them residing in a southern town called holly springs . first we meet willie ( charles s . dutton ) , an honest man with a slight drinking habit . we then see that willie takes care of an elderly lady nicknamed cookie , who is slowly losing her grip on sanity and is being filled with loneliness , despair , and want of her dead husband . we cut to camille ( glenn close ) who is obsessively directing a play with her sister cora ( julianne moore ) . then we briefly get acquainted with emma ( liv tyler ) , an apparent relative of cookie , who is a down-but-not-out teen outcast , still full of love and hope even though she has no real place to live . we also fleetingly see emma's lover jason ( chris o'donnell ) , an ambitious but far too excitable young cop . we are now about one quarter through the two hour picture , and robert altman decides that it is time to set the plot in motion . we see the ecstatic cookie stare hopefully at a picture of her husband . she exclaims " here i come ! " and then puts a pillow to her face and shoots herself . soon after , her niece camille stops by to get a fruit salad bowl , comes upstairs , finds cookie dead and flips out . convinced that suicide is a disgrace and that she will have none of that in her family , she eats the suicide note and convinces her slightly slow ( yet sweet ) sister that it was a murder . she makes sure that she stages it like a murder as well ; scattering jewelry all over the floor , breaking a few cabinets , windows and doors , and then throwing the gun out in the back yard . the only reasonable suspect is willie , who immediately gets taken into custody , and put in a jail cell ( they all know he didn't do it , so the cell stays open and he plays scrabble with the sheriff and the faithful emma ) . meanwhile , the unperturbed camille continues her none-too-subtle manipulations trying to further cover up for the murder while at the same time making her easter play a success . so begins cookie's fortune , a film aptly described by critic scott renshaw as " a southern spin on fargo , " except that this one is far funnier and much more enjoyable than the coen brothers' darker , somewhat disturbing and slightly overrated escapade . robert altman's slight picture is in some ways reminiscent of something like midnight in the garden of good and evil as well , in that both films focus ( on and off ) on the eccentricities of the residents in a southern us town . indeed , most of the characters in cookie's fortune are loads of fun to observe , and a portion of them are fascinating and surprisingly multi- dimensional . glenn close turns in an insubstantial ( in terms of her career ) but magnificent performance as the conniving camille and is also the source of a good portion of the many laughs that we enjoy in this movie , and she is perfectly cast as the prolific " aunt alexandria " character , endlessly obsessed with family dignity . the equally essential role of willie is handled with an intangible grace by veteran thespian charles s . dutton ( mimic , a time to kill ) there is nothing like a movie which leaves you feeling all warm and fuzzy inside hours , even days after the film ends . cookie's fortune is such a movie . i loved the light , kindhearted approach altman ( whose last project was the dark , intense drama the gingerbread man ) took towards the tricky subject matter . i enjoyed the talented ensemble cast . i even liked the trite " in the south everybody is related to everybody " cliche that is inevitably employed by the time this movie draws to a close . i'm not sure why cookie's fortune had such an all-around pleasing effect on me . perhaps it's that good ol' southern charm . 
the others ( 2001 ) nicole kidman , christopher eccleston , fionnula flanagan , elaine cassidy , eric sykes , alakina mann , james bentley , rene ascherson . written and directed by alejandro amenábar . 104 minutes . rated pg-13 , 3 stars review by ed johnson-ott , nuvo newsweekly www . nuvo . net archive reviews at http : //reviews . imdb . com/reviewsby ? edward + johnson-ott to receive reviews by e-mail at no charge , send subscription requests to ejohnsonott@prodigy . net or e-mail ejohnsonott-subscribe@onelist . com with the word " subscribe " in the subject line . it's hard not to recommend " the others . " the supernatural thriller , written and directed by alejandro amenábar ( " open your eyes " ) , adroitly establishes and maintains a low-key atmosphere of menace . the cinematography , by javier aguirresarobe , is as good as i have ever seen and nicole kidman gives another in her growing body of fine performances . but the pacing of the story moves from deliberate to downright sluggish and the payoff of the tale left me less than satisfied . overall , the film plays like a very high quality version of any number of old " twilight zone " episodes where the characters spend a great deal of time wandering about looking afraid and disoriented , only to learn they are actually a child's toy , a military test subject or a department store dummy . watching those vintage shows and listening to the players chatter , i always wanted to shout , " get on with it ! " as much as i appreciated the atmosphere and acting in " the others , " my reaction was much the same . set at an island mansion off the coast of england during world war ii , the story focuses on grace ( kidman ) , who tends to her children anne ( alakina mann ) and nicholas ( james bentley ) and worries about her husband , charles ( christopher eccleston ) , a missing serviceman . anne and nicholas suffer from photosensitivity and grace patrols the estate with the keys to all 50 doors , protecting the little ones from excess light by making sure that only one door is open at a time . at the beginning of the film , three servants , mrs . mills ( fionnula flanagan ) , young , mute lydia ( elaine cassidy ) , and mr . tuttle ( eric sykes ) , an aging gardener , join the family . the two that speak seem agreeable enough at first , but it soon becomes apparent that they know something that grace does not . to make matters worse , the children are upset : nicholas is unusually jittery and anne claims to be seeing ghosts . grace attempts to blame the troubles on the new arrivals to her home , only to realize that whatever is happening is beyond them . that's essentially the whole story , with the tension growing until the pivotal moment when everything becomes clear . earlier , there is an outstanding scene where grace darts outside , only to be enveloped in fold after fold of shimmering fog . the visuals in the otherworldly sequence , courtesy of aguirresarobe , are simply astounding . i also enjoyed the presence of religion , a rarity in films dealing with the supernatural . grace is a christian and answers her children's questions about life and death with the assurance of a devout worshiper . when mother is away , though , the kids speculate whether her statements are fact or folklore , just as real children do . but those nice touches fail to enliven a film that is too slow or make up for a lackluster ending . " the others " sets out to be a classic ghost story , but fails to grasp that special something that makes such films more than layers of mist . 
originally launched in 1978 , this popular film was re-introduced in 1998 to a whole new generation of moviegoers . based on the mighty successful musical from broadway , grease was followed in 1980 with the less stellar grease 2 ( 6 . 5/10 ) , starring a young michelle pheiffer in one of her first feature film roles . plot : high-school musical set in the 1950's showcasing the relationship between the cool danny zuko of the t-birds ( travolta ) and the innocent and pure sandy olsen ( newton-john ) from australia . the film follows the couple and their vivacious friends during their last year at rydell high through song , dance and humour . critique : fun-loving , energetic and innocent look back at times much simpler . this movie effectively juggles a thin romantic story line and the overall experience of the 1950's , with a superb soundtrack and some great dance numbers . admittedly , i am somewhat biased in this opinion , since this film blasts me into my past as a rebellious youth ( grease was one of schmoe's first big-screen experiences , and every other scene sends me reeling into the times of my elaborate grease bubble-gum card collection ) , and the lesser responsibilities that i possessed at that time . but apart from the nostalgic vibe , i was still extremely impressed by this film , as it continued to amuse me , despite my previous dozen or so viewings . this film took john travolta from a dim-witted " sweathog " on tv's welcome back kotter , and transformed him into a movie-star of spectacular proportions ( saturday night fever ( 7 . 5/10 ) in 1979 confirmed that sudden popularity ) . unfortunately for the rest of the cast , his popularity was not terribly contagious , despite their effective showings in this classic movie . on the down side , some of the absolute innocence in this film might bore or turn people off ( like when sandy sings about " drinking lemonade " and " staying out until 10 " with danny in " summer nights " ) , and the plot isn't exactly the most elaborate story-line ever created , but despite these small reservations , this movie carries enough great music and high energy to keep anyone amused through its rapid 110 minute running time ( and believe me . . . i am not a fan of the musicals ! ! ) . make sure to look for a young lorenzo lamas in the static role of the brainless football player , as well as the national bandstand dance contest as one of the film's absolute highlights . and don't forget to buy the popular soundtrack afterwards , so that you could listen to its peppy tunes whenever you're feeling a little blue . little known facts : henry winkler , of tv's happy days' fonzie fame , turned down the part of danny zuko because he did not want to be typecast for the rest of his career . both travolta and conaway were smitten by newton-john during the filming of this picture . conaway eventually bowed out of the woo-fest , and married newton-john's sister a year later ( divorced after five years ) . visit joblo's movie reviews  " http : //www . microtec . net/~drsuess/ 
see more reviews at moviehunt http : //netdirect . net/~hunt/index . htmlare we victims of fate in life or can we create our own destiny ? director/writer brad anderson seems to be saying yes to both questions in his witty film " next stop wonderland " . the two main characters , alan and erin , spend the entire movie in each other's orbit , catching glimpses of one another , yet not quite connecting until the inevitable conclusion . is it fate that keeps them near each other and ultimately puts them together ? does this predestination carry over to all aspects of life ? as the film starts , erin castleton ( hope davis ) , a melancholy 29- year old late shift nurse , is ending her live-in relationship with her boyfriend ( hoffman ) . rather , he is ending it with her . arriving home from work , erin finds her boyfriend parked in front of their apartment , car packed with his belongings . in a fumbling , amusing and self deluding ramble , he instructs erin to watch a videotape he's made detailing why their relationship is doomed to fail and why he's leaving . it's obvious he lacks the courage to confront her directly as he rails on about accomplishing something with his life and taking a stand , all the while backpedaling his way out of their relationship . he then flees the scene with the grace of an inept thief . erin's mother ( holland taylor , in a surprisingly effective , small role ) , fearing that her daughter will be without a man in her life , takes out a personal ad for erin . to erin's embarrassed horror , the ad describes her as a " frisky , cultured , carefree professional with a zest for life " . eventually , erin responds to the tidal wave of responses , which makes for some of the most humorous , telling moments of the movie as she meets prospective suitors and " poseurs " . alan , a plumber and aspiring marine biologist , first spots erin as he's cleaning the inside glass of a fish tank at the boston aquarium . wearing a wet suit and goggles , he follows erin from window to window , separated by the glass as erin , oblivious to his gaze , enjoys the fish . later , we see him on a train as she sits on a platform outside , mere feet away . the movie spends it's entirety having their paths circle each other without crossing . there are several subplots involving alan . one concerns his attempts to get on the job track at the boston aquarium , thereby escaping his apparent fate to carry on the family plumbing business . another subplot involves his father's desperate attempts to force fate's hand by gambling away his life at the dog track . a distracting focus is put on alan's debt to a loan shark and the manner in which he pays it off . the movie tries too hard to make alan a likable guy . thankfully , his dream- guy persona is counterbalanced by erin's distant , yet fundamentally hopeful , personality . the film moves along at an unhurried pace , albeit too much so in the latter third , as we wait for the two to meet . co-writers anderson and lyn vaus throw a couple of possible red herrings into the mix as the two find other possible relationships . the films shifts into a much slower gear as we wait for these romances to blow over . when alan and erin eventually do meet , we see that perhaps they both were destined for each other as they share a lingering , almost subliminally knowing , gaze . it's a sweet , measured moment . the disappointment comes in the fact that we've come to know the pair , yet we don't get to view their impending romance . the film's inherent belief in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder it can bring to one's life makes " next stop wonderland " a quiet pleasure in a cinematic landscape littered with explosions , shallow characters and overdone special effects . 
one never quite knows what one is going to get with a mamet film . his american buffalo is a set-bound piece that has very little plot . sometimes he will tell a story that really moves . heist is mamet doing his most entertaining work . unlike his the spanish prisoner , there are no lapses in credibility . heist is probably the best mamet thriller since house of games . it is the kind of plot with which you are never sure who will double-cross whom , and frequently it is mamet double-crossing the viewer . watching the film's team getting around security the viewer is frequently asking himself either " what the heck are they doing ? " or " why didn't anybody think of that before ? " appropriately enough heist opens with a very clever jewelry store job . it is so clever that one wonders if mamet really thinks up all these ideas himself or if he has help from professional magician and con expert ricky jay , now a regular actor in mamet films . this is a robbery that works like a well-oiled machine . there is just one problem and it is enough to get joe moore ( played by gene hackman ) filmed on a security camera . now joe has to get out of the business . it was coming time anyway . joe's team including bobby blane ( delroy lindo ) , fran moor ( rebecca pidgeon ) , and pinky pincus ( ricky jay ) is going to split up and go separate ways . but crime boss bergman ( danny devito ) is pulling the strings and he says that joe and his people have to manage one more robbery . and he has to take along a young kid , the short- fused jimmy silk ( sam rockwell ) . immediately it is obvious that there is more going on than meets the eye . much of what distinguishes heist is mamet's dialog . remarkably it serves a double purpose . the robbery team sounds at once very professional and at the same time it has mamet's special feel for dialog . hackman has lines like " everybody needs money . that's why they call it money . " mamet's timing is perfect in the direction but terrible in the production . the plot is coincidentally a lot like the plot of the recent the score , which is , in fact , a very similar story . both are good films , perhaps for some of the same reasons . but at least on a high level they are much the same story . the other problem with the timing of heist is that it involves airport security and clever ways to get around them . i saw the film at the toronto international film festival on september 12 , 2001 . that made the subject matter just a little too timely . my understanding is that the release will be delayed . my biggest problem with the film is that rebecca pidgeon's acting at times seems very poor . it is some kind of mamet trademark i do not understand to have women talk without inflection , as if they are just reading the words for the first time . it is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a very good thriller . it is one i rate an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high + 2 on the -4 to + 4 scale . 
for more reviews and movie trailers , visit http : //www . joblo . com/ for our jet li interview , visit http : //www . joblo . com/interviewli . htm for our bridget fonda interview , visit http : //www . joblo . com/interviewfonda . htm plot : jet li is a chinese cop asked to help some french policemen nab a bad guy . but one thing leads to another , and the next thing you know , li's being chased by the same french cops with whom he was supposed to be working . a lot of ass-kicking , face-whippings , gun fights and . . . okay , a little more ass-kicking ensues . critique : very cool ! now here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for , if what you're looking for is kickass action , a palpable good cop/bad cop story line , some hardcore stunts and jet li slam-dunking everyone in sight ! the film also moves fast ( a mere 95 minutes ) , develops a certain " cute " chemistry between fonda and li , has nice surroundings ( paris , baby ! ) and gives us one of the best bad guys that i've seen all year . tcheky karyo is the devil incarnate in this film . he is pure evil . they should have called this movie bad lieutenant 2 as keitel has nothing on this man . what a great , great monster ! my favorite line of tcheky's was when li was explaining the whole " kiss of the dragon " thing to him and he cut him off by saying " kiss my ass ! " pure action movie poetry . anyway , other than him , jet li also handled his " acting " pretty well in this film , with very little real dialogue to say , but enough to make us believe his character . actually , just looking into the man's eyes generally tells you a lot . fonda was also pretty good , despite playing one of the most trashy and abused women that i have seen in quite some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her , so i guess she did her job okay . but in the end , nobody goes to see this kind of movie for oscar performances . we go to see jet li movies because we want to see jet li kicking a lot of ass from side to side , and this film delivers gangbusters on that front . and yes . . . they have no wire-fu in this movie . . . i say again . . . no wire-work , no bullshit stunts with li floating around in mid-air for over a minute . it's all straight action , fist to fist , boot to face and all around cool stunts . if that's what you're looking for , i don't see how you will be disappointed with this film . yes , it's not very original in plot ( just take luc besson's own la femme nikita and mix in plenty of his own the professional et voila ! ) , does have an annoying hip-hoppy soundtrack that just got on my nerves after a while ( i also would have gotten rid of the whole acupuncture thang . . . ) and will have anyone not willing to restrain their disbelief , rolling their eyes all over the place . but was i entertained ? thoroughly . does the film feature more gunplay , martial arts and over-the-top kills that most recent action flicks ? yes , again . does this sound interesting to you ? well , the answer to that question is entirely up to you . one thing that i would definitely recommend is , as jet li pointed out himself on his website , that you leave the kids at home for this one . in fact , you might even wanna leave yourself if you can't handle the more violent of sequences . all in all , a rippin' , roarin' fun time ! where's joblo coming from ? black mask ( 5/10 ) - blade ( 7/10 ) - la femme nikita ( 8/10 ) - lethal weapon 4 ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the professional ( 9/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - rush hour ( 7/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 ) 
the problem with a movie like heartbreakers is that as hard as you try to concentrate on the notable qualities of the film -- the clever camerawork , the strong ensemble acting , the deft script -- every time jennifer love hewitt walks into a scene , her breasts take over . even my date noticed the blatant attempts by the filmmakers in drawing all attention to the chests of both sigourney weaver and hewitt . alas , all those breasts are never fully revealed -- like some bad 80's teen horror film censored by jerry falwell . despite the massive amounts of boob time in heartbreakers , the film delivers all the goods of a solid comedic vehicle . max ( weaver ) and page ( hewitt ) are a mother/daughter team who swindle rich guys out of their dollars in a con involving matrimony vows , extramarital trysts , and divorce settlements . sort of like a cross between anywhere but here and the grifters . with the irs hot on their proverbial tails , the duo team up for one last job , bilking cigarette tycoon william b . tensy ( gene hackman ) out of his cash . alas , during the con job , page ends up falling in love with a local bar owner ( jason lee ) , a dead body ends up in their trunk , princess leia shows up as a divorce attorney , and a jilted ex-husband ( ray liotta ) shows up waving a gun and advising group therapy for everyone . the glue that holds this familiar story together lies in the actors involved in the production . hackman delivers a memorable performance as the wheezing , hacking , brown-toothed william b . tensy . jason lee , one of the best young actors working in hollywood these days , brings a warm , subtle touch to his role of the lovelorn bar owner head-over-heels in love with page . weaver delivers another knockout comedic punch as the protective mother max . and hewitt actually pulls together a credible acting job despite the screen time she has to share with her breasts . the best work in the film is given by ray liotta , the most intense man ever to grace the screen . he has the uncanny ability to take one- or two-dimensional roles , in such films as cop land , hannibal , and no escape , and turn in an outstanding , memorable job . the only problem is that i'm still trying to forget about his roles in turbulence and muppets from space . despite the positives , heartbreakers does have its minor flaws . the " protective mother " scenario drags on for too long , and the complete and total ignorance of every male in the film over max and page's con jobs is a bit too hard to swallow . and not that i'm complaining , but who wears skintight dresses every day of the year ? in a nutshell , though , this is a love story . beneath all the lying , the cheating , the backstabbing , the hacking coughs , and the cleavage we find a familiar tale of true love . how sweet it is . 
pleasantville  it was once said that ignorance is bliss . but how can you know bliss while ignorant ? if you know not sorrow , you know not happiness , and vice versa . such is the story of pleasantville , a movie that's , quite frankly , inspired . the story of a 1950's town who's long lasting ignorance is challenged by modern day pop culture . the result of society's ultimate reaction to change . in today's world , we treat life loosely , with little value . many consider material things to be more valuable than long term happiness , and simply obtain them to fill such holes of loss and greed . others search for a happier time and place , and secretly hope for a return to our past . a time many call safer , better , more compassionate . two such examples are modern day teens david ( tobey maguire ) and jen ( reese witherspoon ) . while david regularly drowns out his chaotic reality by immersing himself in reruns of the 1950's sit-com , pleasantville , sister jen lusts after cute boys as an admitted slut , climbing the social ladder through sex appeal . but , as jen prepares for a date with mtv , and david for his much anticipated pleasantville marathon , a doorbell is rung . a strange , unrequested tv repairman ( don knotts ) gives them a remote to replace their recently shattered one , after quickly quizzing david as to his knowledge of pleasantville . after his departure , the two teens quarrel in an effort to win the remote . during the fight , a button is pushed , and the two are transported into the very fictional , very colorless world of pleasantville . david , realizing that if they wish to get out soon they can't tinker with the mindset of pleasant-folk , urges jen to do the same , and play along . while she starts out well , she quickly loses her balance , creating a domino effect of immense proportions , after introducing the element of sex to the quirky little town . soon , the black and white universe begins to sprout color . among the newly enlightened , the perfect pleasantville mother , betty ( joan allen ) . but , it's not just about sex . color can appear as a result of love , compassion , anger , or hate . it is about individuality , the free agency to choose between what is right and what is wrong , rather than stay confined to a " normal " and supposedly perfect world . we cannot become perfect by force , but must be allowed to make mistakes , and strive to ascertain it through correction and discipline . one of the film's few missteps hits when it fails to actively portray some of the unfavorable consequences that can result from such promiscuous behavior , as our society learned quickly after the sexual revolution of the 1960's . though it maintains the absurdity of racism , another immorality . and while , throughout the film , director gary ross may trip a bit with his " hang on a sec while i beat you over the head with my message so hard you won't soon forget it " strategy , such as the inclusion of signs stating " no coloreds " , it does work , something that is a credit to his history as a screenwriter . he's also assembled a very capable cast , including supporting actors jeff daniels ( dumb & dumber ) , william h . macy ( fargo ) , and the late j . t . walsh ( breakdown , jfk ) , as well as the two leads and allen ( face/off ) . the cornerstone of the movie , the gradual inclusion of color as the town progresses , also has a wide range of integrity , and is constructed with great subtlety and detail . it alone is a good reason to see the film . the bottom line is that pleasantville is a fantastic vision of our society as its progressed , and while many may still hope and remember the " good old days " , we always must focus ahead on what will be , not what could've been . 
director : jean-pierre jeunet writer : joss whedon starring : sigourney weaver , winona ryder , ron perlman , dominique pinon , michael wincott , dan hedaya , j . e . freeman , brad dourif , raymond cruz , kim flowers , gary dourdan , leland orser i'm an avid fan of the " alien " saga , so this review is obviously a tad biased ( at least i admitted it ) . of course , that doesn't mean that i'm gonna be giving this a four-star review or something , because " alien : resurrection , " the fourth film in the cool-as-hell series is not an absolutely amazing film , much like the first two were . however , it's a very good film which never fails to entertain , and consists of yet another mutation in the style of the series . in short , i had a good time . " alien : resurrection " leaves off 200 years after the last one , where our heroine protagonist , ellen ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , the science fiction genre's answer to job , had killed herself after discovering that an alien was inside her body , waiting to pop out like it did to john hurt in the first one . of course , the last one wasn't very great or anything ( i liked it , though not as much as the first two ) , and more importantly , it wasn't financially successful ( a tawdry 55 million bucks ! ) . so back we are , with ripley back as a clone , which means we get another little satirical look at cloning ( not that that's a bad thing , but it's becoming a cliche ) . so she's cloned aboard an even more futuristic-looking ship called " the auriga " by some doctors ( including the necessary bad government guy , dr . wren , played by j . e . freeman , as well as the little-seen dr . gediman , played by none other than brad douriff ) , mainly because they have a version of her with the alien still inside her . once you get past the fact that you can't figure out where they got her blood ( although i think it might have been from the blood samples taken by charles dance in the third one ) , the film's okay . also on board are a band of mercenary pirates , including michael wincott , ron perlman , kim flowers , raymond cruz , dominique pinon ( a jeunet sytable ) and . . . winona ryder , who plays analee call , who turns out to have a bit of a secret ( i won't state it , but unless you've been shacking up with salinger for the past two years , you probably know all about it - although it's nicely covered up ) . there's a bit of a non-sexual-yet-slightly-homoerotic relationship between her and ripley , but it's never really deepened enough . oh well . well , as you might have guessed , the alien and its spawn escape and run around the ship . and it pretty much does away with most of the people on the ship ( including some shocks - dan hedaya , for instance , who's death is comical yet sad since , well , he's dan hedaya ) , and the remaining people ( about 7 or 8 ) are left to try and escape and stop the aliens from doing any major harm since the ship is heading quickly towards earth . of course , the plot is all balderdash , and just an excuse for some good old " alien " -brand fun . the real focus of the series seems to be on style , not really substance ( although there's always a bit of it , most notably in " aliens " with the relationship between ripley and the little girl ) . what's interesting about the series is that each film is stylistically different in its approach . " alien " is a claustrophobic exercise in quiet frights . " aliens " is a wild , tense thriller . " alien 3 " is a bleak , moody piece of semi-noir . " alien 4 " is kind of like an off-beat french film , filled with lots of humor , and cool scares . jean-pierre jeunet ( without his usual directing partner , marc caro ) creates a ship filled with the kind of scares films like " das boot " has , with echoes hinting at a possible threat . the chills in the film are really cool , especially with the music , which is sometimes turned down completely for certain scenes ( there's the most tense surgery scene since " face/off " towards the beginning ) . and not every chill turns into a bloody mess or anything like that . this all combined with some good old humor makes this as interesting visually and stylistically as the others . there are even a couple scenes which just stick out afterwards as being brilliantly executed . one is the aforementioned surgery scene . another one takes place between call and ripley , which is just awesome . the underwater chase scene and the ladder scene afterwards is one of the most tense , thrilling , and jaw-dropping scenes in the entire saga ( with a small allusion to jeunet's earlier film , " delicatessen " ) . and the way they do in the final alien is hysterically cool ( with a lovely allusion to " goldfinger " ) . but the best scene in the entire film ( i'm sure i'm not the first to mention it ) takes place when ripley sees all the variations on her as they cloned her ( she has a an " 8 " tatooed on her arm ) . it might be the most emotionally stimulating scene in the entire saga . the screenplay by joss whedon is not a great piece of work , as it never really deapens a lot of the characters . however , it does make us care about most of them , so that when there's very little of them , and it looks like one or more of them may become alien chow , we are pretty scared . and , yeah , there are some very funny lines ( ripley : " who do i have to fuck to get off this boat ? ! " johner : " well , i can get you off . but not this ship . " ) the acting is good all around , with stand-out performances from ron perlman as the male chauvenist pig johner , and leland orser ( the poor bastad in " se7en " who performed the " lust " sin ) as an anxiety-ridden wannabe woody allen who has an alien inside him . winona ryder is good , but not amazing like she usually is ( although she meshes well with the film ) . of course , and as usual , sigourney weaver steals the show . playing a variation on the ripley character ( less emotional , and more rude and bitter ) , she pulls it off while still being utterly lovable . she's not going to get an oscar nomination like she did for " aliens , " but she's just awesome . overall , it's a thrilling , entertaining film which doesn't really amaze like the first two , but is much more amazing than the third installment . the style is the best part of the film , which isn't really a bad thing , but it being the best part takes away from a lot of the depth the film occasionally tries to apply . but it's entertaining as hell , and it's definitely fit for the " alien " series . 
starring : geena davis , hugh laurie , jonathan lipnicki , michal j . fox ( voice ) , jennifer tilly ( voice ) , nathan lane ( voice ) , dabney coleman , estelle getty . " stuart little " is one of the best family films to come out this year . it's a cute , funny and very good-natured film that has nothing for parents to squirm over except a few mild cusswords . though i read the book a long time ago and i really do not remember what it was about , i do know that this film does not disappoint . finally a movie gets released that is as good as the trailer makes it to be , with a few surprising twists , some very funny moments , and a few sentimental moments all mixed in to one great little movie . stuart little is a mouse . he has finally gotten a new home after being put up for adoption , he now lives with the littles . a nice little ( no pun intended ) family that lives in their apartment next to central park in new york city . they have a little boy george ( played by the adorable jonathan lipnicki ) and now they have a new son . at first stuart takes a while but he finally adjusts to being part of the family and even getting along with the pet cat . george doesn't take too well to having a mouse for a brother at first , but once the two play together they instantly bond . stuart however is missing something , and he wants to know who his real parents are . the littles try and find his parents and one day they show up on the doorstep wanting stuart back . hesitating the littles know what's best for stuart and so does snowball the pet cat , he and his friends try to get stuart but in the end we find out the truth about stuart's past ending up to a sentimental and very heart-warming ending . one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects . just like in " star wars : episode 1--the phantom menace " stuart little and his family are all computer generated and they look fantastically real . from the detail of their fur , to the detail of the way the walk ; the special effects team put a lot of time and effort on this $90 million dollar film and it shows . another movie that this has in common with is " babe " with it's talking animals and people understanding them . it has a family friendly atmosphere and is never really scary or suspenseful enough to even scare the youngest of kids . michael j . fox does the voice of stuart himself and just like in the " homeward bound " movies does a fantastic job and brings more out of stuart than anyone else could . he to me fits the character perfectly and ends up making stuart even more lovable . another gem of the film is nathan lane as snowball . when he was timon in 1994's " the lion king " i would have sworn he was a comedian , and now in " stuart little " he brings the most out of snowball and makes him one of those characters we love to dislike . for the human actors geena davis who never gives a bad performance does not disappoint here as well . she fits nicely in her character and there is a good chemistry between her and hugh laurie who plays mr . little . both make us believe they are happily in love and married and jonathan lipnicki as their song is even more adorable than he was in 1996's " jerry maguire " . even though stuart little is completely cgi , the human characters and stuart have a nice chemistry together and even makes us believe they really do care for each other . " stuart little " is ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint youngsters or adults for that matter . we get entertainment , laughs , cries and more fun at the movies this season than probably any other movie . its nice to see a pg rated movie out at christmas that everyone can see . even though it has a $90 million dollar budget i'm sure it will make over that or just below it respectively . for all you parents out there trying to find a good family movie , i have yet to see bicentennial man as i write this but as far as i know " stuart little " and " toy story 2 " are by far the best family films this year . a winner .   reviewed by brandon herring december 15 , 1999 . brandon herring http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
rated on a 4-star scale screening venue : cornerhouse ( manchester ) released in the uk by uip on march 17 , 2000 ; certificate 15 ; 112 minutes ; country of origin usa ; aspect ratio 1 . 85 : 1 directed by spike jonze ; produced by steve golin , vincent landay , sandy stern , michael stipe . written by charlie kaufman . photographed by lance acord ; edited by eric zumbrunnen . when i first heard the premise of " being john malkovich " , it was hard to accept the reality that one day such a film would be made , and i would be able to sit and watch it . now i've seen it twice -- once last november , at the stella screen film festival , and again this week , at the dawn of its general release . but i still haven't quite got my head round it . if i'm not giving it four stars , perhaps one of the reasons is that i need to see it a few more times before its full force really sinks in . the movie is like a walk through a long maze of rooms , where each new door provides a hilariously bizarre payoff to the last . consider these opening scenes . we meet craig schwarz ( john cusack ) , a scruffy street puppeteer who doesn't make much money because his shows are too blasphemous and carnal . his wife lotte ( cameron diaz ) encourages him to get an office job until marionette work starts to pay ; she's raising a chimp , and needs some serious cash . craig becomes employed as a file clerk on floor seven-and-a-half of a new york city skyscraper . ( the ceilings are very low . ) the boss ( orson bean ) is a 105-year old pervert obsessed with carrot juice , and his secretary ( mary kay place ) is a paranoid deaf flirt . even more odd is a hole in the wall of craig's office , which turns out to be a portal into the mind of world-renowned actor john malkovich . it can suck people into the man's brain for fifteen minutes and then spit them out onto a ditch on the side of the new jersey turnpike . craig's co-worker maxine ( catherine keener ) is determined to exploit the discovery . she takes out a classified ad and sells tickets . the next stages of the plot involve the other ways she uses the situation , and malkovich's discovery of what's going on . i don't want to reveal too much ; this is just the set-up , and the movie keeps unfolding with eccentric developments and devices , which are so delightful because they seem to emerge out of a perfectly logical progression . every event leads to the next quite reasonably , and the screenwriter , charlie kaufman , gives each one a different flavour . in one scene near the beginning of the movie , for example , we're laughing at the outrageousness of craig's puppet show . after that enterprise fails , and he gets his job on floor seven-and-a-half , the awkward visuals inspire giggles . later there will be clever celebrity satire , when craig figures out how to control malkovich's body and turns him into a famed puppeteer , and we see a tv documentary featuring stars gushing over his talents with ludicrous hyperbole . spike jonze , who directed , brings the twisted turns of his picture to life by shooting them in dark , dramatic tones with a subtle hand-held camera . it's close enough to documentary style to make things somehow plausible , a feeling that is encouraged by the actors , who take things seriously and play their roles with sincerity . that attitude , as i'm always saying , is necessary for comedy to work properly ; it's the audacity of the film's situations that creates laughter . " being john malkovich " has an exciting enough gimmick , in that it has its title figure playing a supernatural version of himself . it's even more extraordinary to show people entering his mind ( including himself ) , developing and acting on sexual attractions within it , and using it as a vessel for re-writing history and enjoying everlasting life . the profound skill of malkovich's performance doesn't hit our conscious mind until after we leave the cinema . as most reviews have pointed out , he creates a distinctive character out of his own pompous image , but his more complicated scenes are those in which he's been inhabited by other people . his adoption of their mannerisms is so committed that we forget he's acting . we just believe it . malkovich is the man onscreen , but we think we're watching cusack , or whoever , walking around in his body . i am rambling . exciting films will make me do that . take it as a strong recommendation , and not a sign that i need to take writing classes . and when you see " being john malkovich " , remember to concentrate hard , as paying attention to its small details turns out to be very rewarding . listen carefully for names of companies , a mention of a plank of wood , and orson bean's explanation of why a certain journey cannot be taken after a certain deadline . intriguing ? good . copyright ( c ) 2000 ian waldron-mantgani http : //members . aol . com/ukcritic 
director :   john mcnaughton cast :   kevin bacon , matt dillon , neve campbell , theresa russell , denise richards , daphne rubin-vega screenplay :   kem nunn , stephen peters producers :   steven a . jones , rodney m . liber runtime :   us distribution :   columbia/sony pictures/mandalay rated r :   strong sexuality , nudity , language , violence by nathaniel r . atcheson ( nate@pyramid . net ) i have a soft spot in my heart for pure , amoral sleaze . i liked showgirls ( there , i said it ) . i typically enjoy myself when sitting through that eszterhaz , sex-filled cinematic tabloid-ish trash . wild things is the best sleazy film i've ever seen . it's filled with great performances , graphic sex , three-way sex , rape charges , double-crosses , plot twists , genitalia of all genders , graphic violence , death , witty humor , and , best of all , denise richards . criticizing this film for being disgusting , raucous , and just plain wrong is as fundamentally pointless as criticizing citizen kane for being disturbing , or titanic for being lofty and epic . wild things is a film that succeeds in its endeavors , but i don't just admire it for this--i admire it for being so entertaining and such a fun time at the movies . i must admit up-front , however , that i am directly in the center of the age group to which this film has been engineered to appeal . i imagine that this shows . it's hard to give a plot summary without giving away pieces that shouldn't be known . i thought i had the whole thing worked out from the trailer , but i was wrong ; there are a lot of turns here . i'll just say that the film takes place in blue bay , a rich little town in florida . in blue bay lives sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a teacher who is accused of rape by two of his students , kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , and suzie toller ( neve campbell ) . kelly's mother , sandra ( theresa russell ) , immediately presses charges . all of this happens fairly early in the film . and right up until this point , i had the whole film predicted . i was wrong , though , and every time i was proven wrong , i was shocked . wild things isn't even remotely plausible , but it is so fun to see where the story takes us that the implausibility of every scene is meaningless , and often invited , just for kicks . i remember first seeing the preview for wild things before the replacement killers . i'd give the preview four stars . it made me want to see the movie so much that i've been waiting for it anxiously ever since . over the past few weeks though , i started to realize that there was no way the film could live up to the preview ( see independence day ) ; thankfully , i was proven wrong . the preview for this film is one that needs to be studied by marketing analysts of every distribution company : not only does it make us want to see the film , but it doesn't give away any of the secrets . but i'm not here to talk about the preview . i'm here to talk about denise richards . now , i found her mildly interesting in starship troopers , but in wild things she appeals to such a base instinct that every scene she's in demands attention in a way that almost no other performer can . of course , this might have something to do with her oceanic eyes . . . and flawless body . . . but i thought she did a great job acting , too ( stop laughing ) . no , richards is truly a find--she is talented , and always convincing in this film . this mixed in with her insane physical appeal makes her a vital asset to any film she may grace in the future . the other actors are good , too . dillon is as suave as ever ( it's nice to see him bouncing back from albino alligator and in & out ) . bacon does a good job acting all determined and stuff as a sex crimes officer . neve campbell gives the most layered performance of all of them , though i won't pretend that any of these characters are deep and complex . for a plot like this to work , all of these people have to be insane and basically contrived . that's okay , because director john mcnaughton knows that he's making a self-consciously wicked film . each scene--even the three-way sex scene--is observed with hilarity by mcnaughton , and the result is a sleaze-fest that's too smart to resist . there isn't an inconsistent moment in wild things : every bit of it is alluring garbage , so trashy it's funny , and so entertaining it's painful . i loved it . 
my fellow americans is a movie that at first glance looks to have little substance ( or a movie that we've all seen a million times ) , two lifetime rivals thrown together and then the fun begins . this is exactly what happened in this movie , but fortunately , they managed to do it in an interesting and funny way . the movie starts with a quick ( and i do mean quick ) glance of two presidents russell kramer ( jack lemmon ) and matt douglas ( james garner ) . william haney ( dan aykroyd ) and ted matthews ( john heard ) are the new president and vice president . there is a scandal that arises involving a kickback from a contractor and haney is positive that he buried that years ago . he finds a scapegoat in kramer and now everyone wants kramer and douglas dead . this movie was exceptional for many reasons . one being that they found people ( lemmon and garner ) that have good chemisty together . they worked very well as a unit and they mirrored each other perfectly , one being a ladies man and one being the old man ( i'll let you fiqure which is which ) . also , they found people that know their parts as govenment officials well . it seemed to me that garner played almost exactly the same role that he played in the distinquished gentleman ( except then he was a congressman ) . experience counts for a lot ! ! 
clerks is raunchy , obscene , cheap and very funny throughout . made for just 27 , 000 , and set mostly in a convenience store , this represents a vry good film made for very little money . often films get special treatment and consideration if they cost less , and this is unfair because it can be done . clerks cronicles the day of a quick stop convience store clerk dante and his buddy randal next door who runs a bad video store . randal shows up and starts utterly pointless yet often hilarious results . did independent contractors get killed in the later of the star wars tilogy , it was still being built when it was blown up ? kevin smith , the films writer and director , said that randal represented who he wants to be and dante is who he is closest to . you can tell by the dialogue provided for his characters . dante is a loser , he pins for two women and doesn't understand when one of them gets upset , he also complains about his job constantly . randal doesn't care about anything , he sits around , bs's with dante and somethimes the costumers ( when he's not assaulting them ) , he is also provided with a great deal of the funny dialogue . jeff anderson , who plays russel , hasn't acted since his turn in clerks . this is very unfortunate , anderson provides perfectly cynical spins on every line of dialogue , making even the dialogue that doesn't quite work seem funny . smith is moving towards bigger movies with bigger stars and i wish we would get another look at anderson and brian o'halloran in more films . in clerks they have a perfectly funny chemistry , and deliver this movie home . people have criticized the acting in this film , calling it a true sign of the films budget . i think the acting is perfect for this films feel , and i want to see more of them . 
starring : jamie lee curtis ( lauris strode ) , donald pleasance ( dr . sam loomis ) directed by : john carpenter , written by : john carpenter and debra hillrated r by the mpaa for blood , violence , nudity , sexual situations , strong language , drug usage , oh hell you name it . why , you ask , is this labeled as a review and not a retrospective ? and why , you ask , are you reviewing this in febuary ? alright , here's the deal . back in october of 1997 , a nice little theater here in the st . louis area , the " mid rivers 6 " ( one of those little mall theaters ) decided to show the original halloween film on one of its big screens - you know , like they say all the time , " the way it was meant to be seen . " anyway , since i didn't see halloween for the first time until october of '97 ( yes , sad isn't it ? ) , and it was playing in a theater , it's a review . as for why i'm writing it now . . . well i just got around to it , that's all . sorry i couldn't have a better story for all this . anyway , this , the first of what is about to become seven halloween films , is quite the damn good show . you have to keep in mind , this movie was made for less than 1 million dollars , is scored via john carpenter's keyboard , and is the film that spawned oh , say . . . all the slasher flicks of the 80s . so in other words , the plot here has become the stuff of legend and the stuff of so many imitators that it's predictable on a level that most people don't even know existed . and so what ? it's still effectively spooky , and a good time . okay . here's the story . this guy , michael myers , killed his sister in haddonfield , illinois , when he was six . and then he got shipped off to the mental hospital and all that kinda stuff . with me ? good . so this doc , dr . loomis , is studying the freak , and realizes that he's is " pure evil " ( a dr . loomis catch-phrase ) . and that means he's one of the most wigged people when mikey escapes over a decade after his original crime and heads home . . . on halloween . hence the title . and hence the line from the ads : " the night he came home . " get it ? good . oh yeah , and this girl , laurie strode , happens to be babysitting this night , and so are her friends , and they're all doing this in the same area , and , well , you can figure out the rest . it's suspenseful , that's what this comes down to . the music , cheesy though it may seem at first , works . the acting , particularly from our two leads , works . it's a classic , and it deserves to be , it's damn fun . sure it's predictable . but so ? a lot of movies are - you knew that john mcclane was going to kick terrorist ass in every die hard movie right ? it's all of matter of how you get to that point . so yeah , it lives up to the test of time . it has the feel of a classic , and that goes a long way towards the fun - even at the hokey times , you know it only seems hokey because of the time period it was made in . anyway , that's enough from me . all i really have to say is , you've heard it's a classic film , and i'm agreeing that it deserves the mantle . not many horror/suspense do , after all . all that without the kwc . and you know , nothing's scarier than a william shatner mask , either . 
three kings -a review by bill chambers ( 3kings@filmfreakcentral . net ) starring george clooney , mark wahlberg , ice cube , spike jonze written and directed by david o . russell the soldiers of three kings have taken their cue from movies about vietnam . ( fitting , since the media-saturated gulf war became a pop entertainment . ) while driving through a long , flat iraqi desert ( in a humvee with a bart simpson hood ornament ) , one of the men under special forces sgt . maj . archie gates' ( who's steering ) command requests a beach boys tune . these men want their apocalypse now moment , only instead of surfing , they bop to the music and skeet shoot out the back of the vehicle , armed with automatic rifles . our three kings ( okay , four ) are good fighters , but they don't necessarily take operation desert storm seriously-it's a reprieve from their hellish day jobs . they are gates , new father sgt . troy barlow ( wahlberg ) , sgt . chief elgin ( cube ) , and pvt . conrad vig ( music video director jonze ) . at story's start , president bush has declared a ceasefire , and american troops are tying up loose ends . barlow , elgin , and vig discover during a round up of iraqi captives an " ass-map " that points to a bunker filled with gold bullion . gates leaves his jurisdiction to commandeer the situation ; he proposes-demands-that barlow , elgin , and vig join him on a treasure hunt . ditching his escort , a relentless reporter named adriana cruz ( nora dunn ) , is easy . so is finding the treasure , until the four men realize the magnitude of discord still breathing in iraq : saddam's men are threatening the dictator's detractors ( citizens of his own country ) with violence . when gates and company arrive at the bunker with a stolen truck , ready to loot , the unarmed rebels want help . ( bush encouraged them to rise up against the government , but provided no military support for such cause . ) gates convinces the vault's guards that this is a post-war mission , and even accepts their assistance in loading the truck . the situation could go off without a hitch : the former enemies bear no grudges . but the money hungry gates has a conscience , and when one female bystander is shot by a sadistic grunt before these americans have left the scene , he orders barlow , elgin and vig to open fire on the surrounding arab forces . the result : barlow is kidnapped , and the filmmakers imply that these would-be kings are seeing more action than they ever did during wartime . barlow is eventually locked in a dank room and wired up to a shocking device . his interrogator lost his family to the bombs , and he wants barlow to imagine the demise of his own wife and child . ( he does , in chilling , lasting images . ) i liked these scenes best , because the political became personal . it's one thing to champion the plight of thousands ; it's another to see a ceiling cave in atop a baby in a crib . russell has shocked us before : his first film , spanking the monkey , is about a young man's affair with his bedridden mother . ( it's great . ) his second , flirting with disaster , features a character who has an armpit fetish . one could argue that it's easier to make an audience react to such sexual deviance than explosions , though ; russell disturbs us in three kings by being no-nonsense about the violence . when barlow conjures the detonation of his suburban home , russell mutes the sound-we're paying attention to the debris instead of thx bombast . three kings is russell's first visually arresting picture . stylistically , it stands apart from other war dramas . newton thomas sigel's cinematography of the exteriors is overexposed and extremely grainy , which is , of course , entirely appropriate . one practically breaks out in sweat staring at the screen . ( a friend enthusiastically added , " it's like having sand in your eyes . " ) this also helps to blur the fact that the actual locations are far removed from the persian gulf facade . ( three kings was shot in arizona , california , and mexico . ) russell throws plenty at sigel's camera for it to observe-as was the case with russell's previous efforts , the most absurd moments are also the film's most realistic , even the most poignant . ( we watch a bullet puncture an organ from the inside . ) if anything , three kings settles down and stops surprising us . its climax is pure hollywood , no doubt the answer to why a major studio felt comfortable getting into bed with the indie-minded russell . subsequently , the characters become more cartoonish-barlow's post-torture revelry felt phony , and chief , a strong presence in the first third , fails to escape the god-fearing-ultra-serious-anti-racist-black-man-of-power cliché-so much for cube avoiding token status . ( the arab players , on the other hand , duck stereotype . ) clooney , too , transforms into a blandly heroic protestor-marching with the rebels , i waited for him to shout , " let my people go ! " hayseed vig notwithstanding , the protagonists are very intelligent , and self-serving , too ; i had a glimmer of hope , based on russell's filmography , that our antiheroes would revert to their greedy selves at some juncture . ( it's not spoiling much to write that . ) then again , what historical importance would such nastiness serve ? ( there's already enough cynicism in the film's mentioning of kuwait's oil-infested waters . ) russell offers the masses a primer on the oft-dismissed gulf conflict , and pulled off a neat trick : a war tale full of battles that takes place after a truce has been declared . if he set out to make something socially/culturally/politically/globally significant , he succeeded . with flair . 
directed by ridley scott . screenplay by david h franzoni , john logan and william nicholson . starring russell crowe , joaquin phoenix , connie nielsen . running time : 153 minutes . rated aa for blood letting and violent scenes by the mfcb . reviewed on may 8th , 2000 . the reign of caesar marcus aurelius in the mid-second century a . d . is often considered a golden age of the roman empire . marcus was instrumental in securing peace in the nether regions of the empire , but was also a philosopher of great renown . he died in 180 and rule passed to his son commodus . the transition was an orderly one ; commodus was recommended to the senate by marcus , and indeed had been sharing power with his father since 177 . commodus' rule , however , would go down in the history books as disastrous , with the caesar's demeanour descending into brutality and ultimately madness . in 182 his sister lucilla and a group of senators tried unsuccessfully to have him assassinated . commodus became obsessed with the gladiatorial games , and in 192 his own advisers had him strangled by a popular wrestler . " gladiator " is a condensed and largely fictionalised version of the true events . the most notable addition to the story is maximus ( russell crowe ) , a general who leads the romans to victory against the german tribes to the north . contradicting real life , marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) wants maximus -- not commodus -- to be rome's new ruler after his death , with the aim of eventually turning the empire back into a republic . before he can proclaim his decision , however , the deceitful commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) murders his father and orders maximus' execution . maximus escapes and tries to return home to spain , only to discover that commodus has had his wife and son killed as well . gravely wounded in his flight , maximus is captured and bought by proximo ( the late oliver reed ) to fight as a gladiator . initially reluctant , maximus soon embraces his new role when it gives him a chance to travel to rome , where the new caesar has declared 150 days of gladiatorial games to celebrate his ascension to the throne . there , maximus' efforts to take revenge on commodus involve him in the machinations of commodus' sister lucilla ( connie nielsen ) . the first blockbuster movie of the 2000 summer season , " gladiator " is a visual feast . expert set design and computer effects have been exploited in their fullest by director ridley scott to bring ancient rome to life . shots which pan overhead across the city to the coliseum , teeming with spectators , are fabulous to behold . it is difficult not to feel transported eighteen hundred years back in time . in some respects , however , scott overdoes it with his cinematic trickery . specifically , he portrays many fight scenes -- both with the gladiators and the legions -- using a choppy , strobe-like technique . scott is clearly trying to achieve the sense of disorientation in battle that was so successfully conveyed in films like " braveheart " and " saving private ryan " . instead , he merely makes these sequences disjointed and hard to watch . it is virtually impossible to follow the actions of even the principal characters , and so the viewer is left to try to piece together what is actually happening . it has been more than thirty years since the last great roman epic was made . in reviving the genre , the scriptwriters have elected to hew closely to tried-and-true storylines rather than break new ground . " gladiator " does not deviate much from other examples of the genre , echoing everything from " spartacus " to " doctor who " . the mad emperor , the resurgent war hero , and the gladiatorial games as a conduit for revenge are all familiar plot elements . nonetheless , the story is entertainingly told , and while considerable attention is paid to the gladiator combat which is the movie's main attraction , this is not overaccentuated . " gladiator " is no " mortal kombat " , moving from meaningless battle to meaningless battle without pause . the film is very well paced , and the quieter aspects of the plot are not trivialised . perhaps as a result of this , " gladiator " boasts some unusually fine acting for a big-budget action picture . crowe , although by no means achieving the complexity of his oscar-nominated performance in " the insider " , brings a pleasant depth to maximus . the general is a man first and a hero second ; he is driven to confront commodus not by a love of rome , but rather of a man who was as a father to him , and of a murdered wife and child whose deaths he must avenge . crowe brings an evenness to the role which makes maximus seem more real than similar characters in other movies . likewise , phoenix does well not to overplay commodus . the role of the insane tyrant has often been an invitation to hammy overacting in the past , but phoenix's portrayal is more subtle . commodus' burgeoning madness is manifested largely through his body language , rather than any particular statement or deed . also very good are reed and harris in supporting roles . despite their comparatively short screen time ( indeed , reed actually died before filming was complete , forcing scott to compensate using clever editing and digital effects ) , both grant their characters a sense of history and profundity . perhaps least successful is nielsen as lucilla , despite having what may be " gladiator " 's most involved role . lucilla is commodus' sister , and he obviously harbors inappropriate feelings for her . it is also strongly implied that she is maximus' former lover . and she is a dispassionate and intelligent schemer , whose allegiances may be pivotal in determining rome's future . but nielsen comes across as detached throughout the proceedings , more so than is called for by her character . even in scenes where lucilla's reserve breaks , nielsen feels removed from the action . given her importance in how the events of the movie play out , this is an unfortunate central weakness . but all in all , " gladiator " is entrancing to watch , beautifully acted , and really just a lot of good old-fashioned fun . although far removed from the greatness of classics like " ben-hur " , it marks an entertaining and satisfying return of what was once one of hollywood's favourite genres . indeed , given the possibilities offered by this age of increasingly sophisticated special effects , " gladiator " is hopefully just the first of many forays back to the time of the great roman empire . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/gladiator . html -- _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
 cast : jim henson ( kermit the frog/rowlf/dr . teeth/waldorf ) , frank oz ( miss piggy/fozzie bear/animal/sam the eagle ) , charles durning ( doc hopper ) , austin pendleton ( max ) , milton berle ( mad man mooney ) , mel brooks ( professor max krassman ) , james coburn ( el sleezo cafe owner ) , dom deluise ( bernie - the hollywood agent ) , elliott gould ( beauty contest compere ) , bob hope ( ice cream vendor ) , cloris leachman ( lord's secretary ) , steve martin ( insolent waiter ) , richard pryor ( balloon vendor ) , telly savalas ( el sleezo tough ) , orson welles ( lord lew ) , carroll spinney ( big bird ) certification : g the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever-growing list of muppet movies . the muppet movie tells the story of how our hero , kermit the frog , came to be a star . a delightful movie for all ages , the muppet movie is * bursting * with cameo appearances by countless hollywood stars of the 80's and today . the muppet movie begins in a movie theater , where all of the muppet stars are anxiously awaiting the first showing . once everyone is settled down , the movie inside of the movie begins . it starts out with kermit in a swamp , playing his banjo and singing ( this shot required jim henson to spend hours underwater ) . kermit is discovered by bernie , a big-time hollywood agent who happens upon kermit by accident . bernie believes that kermit holds much potential to become a big star in hollywood . kermit ponders the idea of becoming a big movie star , where he could " make millions of people happy " . kermit decides to leave his swamp and make the trip out to hollywood . along the way , kermit befriends his now famous muppet companions , beginning with fozzie bear , who had been spending his days doing stand-up comedy at the el sleezo cafe , owned by james coburn . the two decide to team-up and continue on their way to hollywood . but , doc hopper ( charles durning ) , the owner of a chain of french fried frog leg restaurants has a different idea . he wants kermit to be his spokesman , but kermit is humiliated at the idea and spends the movie avoiding him and his assistants . the trip continues , with kermit and fozzie meeting miss piggy , rowlf , gonzo , the electric mayhem band , and more muppets who all share the same wish : to make it to hollywood . oh , and even more celebrities continue to appear . kermit and miss piggy continue to get to know each other a little better , including a rather funny scene at a restaurant with steve martin as the waiter . eventually , kermit and the group make it to hollywood . that is , after kermit is finally able to elude doc hopper and proclaim his freedom . lord lew , a big-time hollywood producer portrayed by orson welles , gives kermit his shot at stardom and gives him the go-ahead to produce a movie . the muppet movie is definitely a movie that is fun for all ages . it is also a sure-deal as one parents can watch , and enjoy along with their kids .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
cast : tim roth , chris penn , michael rooker , renee zellweger , rosanna arquette , michael parks , ellen burstyn director : jonas & josh pate producers : mark damon , peter glatzer screenplay : jonas & josh pate cinematography : bill butler music : harry gregson-williams u . s . distributor : mgm it's wednesday , march 27 , and a murder investigation is underway in charlotte , south carolina . the crime : a young prostitute , elizabeth ( renee zellweger ) , has been brutally slain . one half of her severed body was found in a bag at the train station . the other half was discovered in a trunk at the harbor authority , miles away . the police duo of braxton ( chris penn ) and kennesaw ( michael rooker ) are strapped for leads . at the moment , they have only one possible suspect : wayland ( tim roth ) , a wealthy , unemployed genius who graduated summa cum laude from princeton and appears to be the least likely character to commit such a heinous act . that's the premise for deceiver , a new thriller from the pate brothers , jonas and josh , who made their mark on the film world two years ago at sundance with the movie the grave . deceiver plays out like a mind game between the intellectually superior wayland and the two not- so-bright cops ( captions early in the proceedings let us know that wayland's iq is 151 ; by contrast , kennesaw's is 122 and braxton's is 102 ) . the setting is a police interrogation room where a lie detector test is about to be administered . over three days , as wayland returns to answer more questions , the drama and tension among these three characters gradually escalates until , inevitably , it boils over . other plot elements are thrown in for good measure . wayland suffers from a peculiar kind of epilepsy that can , in stressful situations , render him virtually catatonic or extremely violent . braxton , a compulsive gambler , is deep in debt to a local syndicate . and kennesaw is haunted by a dark , abusive side that delights in terrorizing women , especially his wife ( rosanna arquette ) , whom he suspects of being unfaithful . the foibles and failings of these three are brought into the open as the mystery around elizabeth's death deepens and it becomes unclear who has the upper hand : the suspect or his questioners . deceiver , which mostly transpires in a dimly-lit room and involves a lot of smart dialogue , has the feel of a david mamet play : edgy , claustrophobic , and tense . the atmosphere is explosive , and some of pivotal moments of confrontation are riveting . deceiver has the power to grab an audience . unfortunately , in the end , it succumbs to the need to throw in one last , unexpected twist , and this is its undoing . for , while this surprise will certainly shock most viewers , it also stretches our credulity too much , and raises more questions than it answers . it's only an effective wrap-up if you don't think too carefully about its full implications . of course , the film as a whole plays fast and loose with reality and logic . police procedure is totally ignored and it's almost impossible to accept that any criminal investigation would or could proceed in this manner . but the real focus in deceiver is on character interaction , not plot details . deceiver only occasionally gets out of the police station , and those instances occur primarily during flashbacks featuring the prostitute . the pates employ a number of interesting techniques to present vignettes from elizabeth's final days and hours . the most intriguing of these is to use an unreliable narrator while underlining the discrepancies in his voice-over by visually showing what really happened . moments like this are too effective to be dismissed as gimmicks . the movie , obviously fashioned in the manner of classic film noir , drips atmosphere . there are some fascinating stylistic touches ; for example , although the setting is contemporary , all of the telephones are old-fashioned , rotary models . cinematographer bill butler is given an opportunity to use unconventional camera work to liven up deceiver's look . some of the things he tries ( mostly those that involve the contrast between light and shadow ) work exceptionally well , while others ( like any of several lazy susan shots ) seem more like unnecessary visual tricks . as wayland , tim roth gives the film's top performance , despite occasionally treading the tightrope between acting and overacting . roth makes us believe that wayland is both as brilliant and as troubled as he's supposed to be . the other two leads , chris penn and michael rooker , aren't as effective . both play their characters like familiar types . penn's performance is uninspired ; rooker's lacks subtlety . some of the best work is turned in by the supporting actors . renee zellweger , in a role that's miles away from her star-making turn in jerry maguire , brings a note of vulnerability and humanity to a part that could easily have become a caricature . rosanna arquette is solid as kennesaw's wife , and michael parks delivers several wonderful scenes as a psychiatrist who's entrusted with evaluating wayland's condition . one of the best things about deceiver is that it never talks down to the audience . plot points aren't hammered home , and , although the ending has its weaknesses , everything isn't spelled out in bold letters . the pates give audience members credit for having brains , which is an increasingly rare characteristic for film makers . occasionally gripping and never uninteresting , deceiver is a fine noir effort . 
member of the 'internet movie critics association' http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html from the first film version of victor hugo's classic novel 'les miserables' in 1935 with fredric march and charles laughton , to the latest ( not counting this one ) in 1995 with jean-paul belmondo and michel boujenah , there have been four other notable versions sandwiched in between . two in 1952 , one in 1957 and a television version in 1978 . hugo's fascinating novel of forgiveness and redemption is a timeless and literary classic message to be passed down for all generations to come . i've read the book twice but the last time was some 15 years ago or so and i must confess that i've never seen any of the staged versions but so what ? motion pictures capture the true essence of eternal human expression better than any other medium . just my opinion , of course , but seeing visuals spring from the pages of artful writing is truly one of life's greatest pleasures . the latest version is a pleasing , but is at times a muted adaptation that might disappoint the hard core fans of the story but will satisfy most others . i'm somewhere in between and i recommend the picture either way . set in early 19th century france , liam neeson is jean valjean , a man convicted of stealing bread from a merchant's window display and is forced to spend 19 years in prison , suffering the harsh labour of a punishment that doesn't fit the crime . the hypocrisy of 19th justice comes to complete fruition as people are judged in the workplace on their morals , but a completely immoral punishment such as this comes to pass . upon his release on parole , he examines his future through the kind actions of a monsignor who spares him from a return to prison and valjean rises above the social cellar to become a man of political influence and considerable wealth . neeson is towering in the role of valjean , uncompromising in his righteous path of redemption while retaining the strength of character he learned the hard way in prison . geoffrey rush ( 'shine' ) is javert , a man who served as an official who supervised , abused and humiliated valjean in prison and now recognizes valjean twenty years later , determined to see valjean arrested for circumstances that he considers to be a violation of valjean's parole . his intention is to expose valjean for who he once was . in this time and place , you don't have the chance to reform as society always judges you by what you've done in your past life . javert is a man so rigid in his moral high ground , that he fails to see the errors of his way . rush is completely different from the role he played in 'shine' . he proves he can make a villain just as memorable as a hero and he is truly a gifted performer . valjean now owns a factory and is the local mayor and takes pity upon a former worker , fantine ( uma thurman ) who was dismissed for having a child out of wedlock and is now forced to work as a prostitute to support her daughter that she sent away to live with others . as he is forced to leave his business behind because of the relentless pursuit by javert , valjean adopts fantine's daughter cosette ( mimi newman as a little girl and and later claire danes as a young woman ) after fantine's death and as the years pass , they try an make a life for themselves around the time of an uprising against the french monarchy . cosette's semi-romantic involvement with a young revolutionary ( hans matheson ) is the film's weak spot , an underwritten sub plot that detracts for the overall impact of the film's climax . as a richly textured and deeply felt part of literary history , les miserables transforms well into a motion picture but it is impossible to portray all of the book's elements in a 2 hour and 13 minute film but director bille august and screenwriter rafael yglesias have fashioned a version of the story that moves well , is easy to understand , and despite the lack of french accents among the cast , it's a story of redemption on many levels , most notably that of souls tormented by their past . 
starring giovanni ribisi , nia long , vin diesel , nicky katt , scott caan , jamie kennedy , ron rifkin , and ben affleck . while watching boiler room , i was constantly reminded of last year's masterpiece fight club . both films consist of a predominately male cast . both films follow young men as they illicitly fight the traditional system for their own desires . and both films are seen through the eyes of one narrator , who eventually realizes that these men have to be stopped . while boiler room writer/director ben younger does not get his point across as well as david fincher does for fight club , he does contribute another impressive work to a series of films aiming to represent the new generation . a generation which has seen the internet prosper and where everyone wants to be a millionaire . paying homage to oliver stone's 1987 classic wall street , younger is almost modernizing the tale by using younger , hipper actors to play the greedy villains as opposed to the older , more experienced types . as is true in real life , younger minds are becoming richer and richer from their knowledge of more standard technology . boiler room dismisses the notion of ingenuity and shows that greed and desire for power come in all ages . another similarity with fight club is that both films are not action flicks . some people are convinced that an all-male cast automatically means there must be gory violence , here is proof that this is not true . if you want to see an action movie starring ben affleck , go see reindeer games this weekend . if you want to see a smart , insightful film with excellent acting and a clever script , see boiler room . giovanni ribisi gives an outstanding performance as the film's narrator , seth . after dropping out of college and running a lucrative gambling center for college students in his apartment , seth is offered a high paying job by a wealthy man ( nicky katt ) . he agrees to take the job ( in which you are guaranteed to become a millionaire within three years ) of selling stock to well-off americans from the mid-west over the telephone and begins to fit in quite well with his co-workers . learning tricky techniques to deceive innocent people into buying shares of a good in production , seth figures this is too good to be true . after stumbling into a room at the wrong time , he knows there is something no good about this company . at this point , seth is left with the ultimate choice ; continue with the american dream and make millions or tell the authorities that something fishy is going on . ribisi is believable as seth especially when he shares scenes with ron rifkin , playing seth's dad . the two have perfect chemistry as a troubled father and son trying to impress each other and simultaneously impress themselves . the transitions from anger to sympathy that these scenes contain are the standout segments of the entire film . the supporting cast of greedy co-workers is also flawless . ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous as the ostensibly friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of seth , and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt . the energy of the cast as a whole makes boiler room well paced and never boring . the only major error in the film is that nothing major happens . there is no big plot twist or climatic point to make the film more memorable . due to the lack of a major event , boiler room never finds a suitable genre to fit into . the movie is not intense enough to be a thriller , the romantic segments involving seth and abby ( nia long ) are not properly finalized , and the dialogue isn't funny enough to make it a comedy . in having trouble to characterize the movie as a whole , boiler room is slightly confused at times . it doesn't seem to know which category to fit itself into . one satisfying concluding scene could have changed the whole film for the better . otherwise , the movie is fun to watch thanks to its lively cast of young actors . 
richard linklater's " slacker , " made in 1991 for a budget of only $23 , 000 , immerses itself in the twentysomething , college-town culture of austin , texas . most of these characters are either unemployed or work jobs that are apparently too menial to be worth mentioning . their lifestyle is a sort of passive resistance to the idea that people should go out and actively pursue a career after graduation ; they seem content to sit around spouting off about the inadequacy of american democracy , the pervasiveness of slave morality , the subtle messages in pop culture , and such . ask them what they've been doing lately , and they'll more likely than not reply , " oh , you know , just hanging out . " linklater uses an interesting technique to examine these characters : the camera follows one person for a few minutes , then someone else walks by and the camera follows that person , who walks into a diner just as another person is walking out the door . . . . it's certainly a lot of fun listening to these characters talk : some of them are clearly very intelligent and have some genuinely insightful ideas , some of them are just plain weird , and some of them think their ideas are a lot more profound than they really are . the opening monologue , delivered by linklater himself to a taxi driver , tosses around ideas about alternate realities that nicely set up the meandering structure of the film . other characters along the way offer observations about everything from dating relationships to the history of anarchist philosophy , while groups of pseudo-intellectuals kick around ideas about the nobility of sitting around and doing nothing or the subtle bribery-based morality in " scooby-doo . " for the most part , however , the best moments are the ones involving the slightly unhinged types . near the beginning , a paranoid man follows a pedestrian for several blocks , warning him about government conspiracies involving everything from global warming to secret colonization of mars . another man seems to be collecting televisions , keeping at least fifteen sets running at the same time and playing tapes of a graduate student who recorded himself having a nervous breakdown and destroying the camera . and in a scene that drew a big laugh from everyone present when i saw the film , a man tries to achieve closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge and then throwing a typewriter into the creek below . the only problem with " slacker " is that it starts to run out of steam towards the end . since linklater only spends a few minutes with each character , the introduction of the new characters gets repetitive after a while . there are only so many times you can hear , " hey , what's going on ? " " not much , what are you up to ? " " nothing really , just hanging around , " before it gets on your nerves ; the film might well have benefited from a slightly slower pace and a little bit more characterization . and the dialogue in the second half of the film is by and large not quite as interesting as that in the first half ; a jfk buff , for example , seems like a pale imitation of the previous conspiracy theorist , and many of the characters just generally aren't as weird or unique . instead of depicting a city populated by mostly normal people and then showing us the strangeness that we might not have noticed at first , linklater shows us the oddballs first , then stops and reminds us that ordinary people live there too . " slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well-deserved . i just can't help but think it might have been even better if linklater had slowed down a little bit and filmed these scenes in reverse order . 
directed by dariush mehrjui . cast : leila hatami , ali mosaffa , jamileh sheikhi , amir pievar , turan mehrzad , mohammad reza sharifinia , shaqayeq farahani . 1999 - 125 minutes opens may 16 at new york's cinema village ; may 21 in la ) . iranian ; in farsi with english subtitles . not rated ( equivalent of a pg-13 for adult themes ) . reviewed april 19 , 1999 . the thought-provoking question of tradition over morals is the subject directly at the core of " leila , " a powerfully articulated and subtle drama from famous iranian director dariush mehrjui , that is his first motion picture in a prosperous thirty-year career to gain u . s . distribution , thanks to first run features . although unfamiliar with mehrjui's previous directing efforts , perhaps the reason for this is that , while the predicament at hand is no doubt exclusive to its own country , the heartbreaking and solely truthful emotions of the characters can easily be understood by all viewers . set in modern-day iran , " leila " begins on the birthday of the title character ( leila hatami ) , after a brief prologue in which we are shown the first encounter between leila and her future husband , reza ( ali mosaffa ) . as leila and reza set off to visit his parents , and then hers , where a birthday celebration has been planned , things seem rosy for the couple on the outside , but for leila , life isn't quite as sweet . earlier , on that very same day , leila had gone to see her physician , and has ultimately discovered that she holds very little chance of ever conceiving a child . when all of the conditions are ruled out , and leila passes up the possibility of adoption , reza firmly and lovingly tells her that he married her , and doesn't care at all about having children . nonetheless , leila is ashamed that she will never be able to give him a baby , which is the societal norm , and her self-esteem is not helped at all by her domineering mother-in-law ( jamileh sheikhi ) , whose hopes to carry on the sacred family name vanishes once hearing the news ( reza is her only son ) . bluntly explaining to leila that reza has always wished for children and , in a country where polygamy is an accepted tradition , she suggests that he take a second wife to bear a child with . leila hesitantly agrees , and while she and reza are able to shallowly laugh afterwards about the hopeful womens' inadequacies , reza finally does meet a woman whom he claims to like , even though he refuses to go through with the marriage if leila doesn't give her full blessing . there are no easy answers to be found within " leila , " a film that thoughtfully examines the central character's unfortunate plight , as well as the inner workings of leila herself , told through matter-of-fact narration . almost completely taken over by her own shame , she has no option but to agree to her forceful mother-in-law's requests , even though she is unsure of how she will react if reza really does end up marrying another woman . maybe because " leila " is from iran , the film will unquestionably be shocking for american audiences , since the concept of polygamy is looked upon by the characters as a more or less everyday occurrence . leila , however , is unable to come to terms with the idea quite as easily , but feels it is her duty to make her husband happy , no matter what the circumstances . one of the strongest aspects of the film is in its portrayal of the relationship between leila and reza , who married only three months after their first meeting , but obviously love each other very deeply . it is this relationship that is the key ingredient to making what follows the opening scenes all the more powerful , and director mehrjui has succeeded just about as well as possible . although seemingly unimportant at first glance , an early sequence where leila and reza are eating dinner and both are laughing , nearly uncontrollably , actually is one of the most vital moments in the first half , as it unmistakably sets the boundary for their unrequisite love for one another . ditto for another scene in which reza gives leila a large stuffed animal for her birthday , and then reveals a beautiful necklace he has also gotten her . these " small " moments are the perfect contrast for the solemn , outraging sequences in the latter half , in which reza drops leila off at the side of a busy road , and then zooms off to go on a date with another woman . left there to ponder her quickly diminishing marriage , foolishly unbeknownst to reza , leila prays each time that the date will not go well , so she will be able to keep her husband to herself for a little while longer . refusing to stay over at her parent's house , the film inevitably leads up to the second wedding night between reza and another woman , and in a sequence of extraordinary sorrow and potency , leila finds her whole being emotionally torn apart , as she is closed up in an upstairs bedroom as the marriage proceedings are going on down below . despite her initial agreement to such a thing , leila realizes how much she has been betrayed by reza , whom she believed cared for her as much as she did of him . sure , the whole second marriage was his mother's idea , but if he really did believe what he initially had told her about not wanting any children , then he could have still easily backed out , couldn't he ? in the pivotal role of leila , who appears in every scene , leila hatami is nothing short of remarkable , injecting her character with an equal measure of startling strength , unavoidable vulnerability , and utter despair . unlike most american films , in which everything always has to be spelled out for audiences , hatami says much more with just an elusive expression on her face than could possibly have been conveyed by words . every bit a perfect match for hatami is ali mosaffa , as reza , a man who , i believe , does hold an unbreakable bond with his wife , but is too naive to realize what he will be doing to leila if he marries someone else . for all of its strong aspects , " leila " isn't a perfect film . on a technical level , i found many blatant punctiation and spelling mistakes within the subtitles that need to be fixed . and concerning the plot developments , the final five minutes ring false when compared with everything that has come before . mehrjui's decision to use an extremely stylized approach to the ending was the wrong choice , particularly in his almost comedic way of wrapping up the character of the spiteful mother-in-law , played memorably by jamileh sheikhi . despite these minor missteps , " leila " is an important motion picture that should definately be sought out upon its limited may 16 release at new york's cinema village , and then on may 21 in la . the thought-provoking questions that the film deals with is balanced evenly with its uneasy morales , and when the climax arrives , leila's self-worth is startlingly stripped away to reveal a victim led into complete devastation , to which there is no return . it's difficult to not consider how leila's culminating interior demise could have been so simply avoided , had the other characters taken a second out of their own selfish lives to consider what leila , the major pawn in the unforgivable scheme , was going through . - copyright 1999 by dustin putman http : //hometown . aol . com/filmfan16/index . html 
mute witness ( 1994 ) a film review by justin felix . copyright 1999 justin felix . any comments about this review ? contact me at justinfelix@yahoo . com all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix written and directed by anthony waller . starring marina zudina . special cameo by alec guinness . rated r ( contains brutal violence , nudity , and profanity ) 90 mins . synopsis : an attractive mute makeup artist , working on an ultra-cheesy slasher movie in moscow , witnesses the production of a brutal snuff film and is subsequently chased by really bad russians . meanwhile , the artist's sister and boyfriend clumsily try to save her . comments : mute witness came as a surprise to me the first time i watched it . drawn by the clever artwork on the video box , i rented the film expecting a complete turkey . mute witness , however , was original , offbeat , and well-made . it's one of those cool little finds that no one seems to know about . i've subsequently found it at most video rental places i visit , and it may be seen , on occasion , on the independent film channel . the first hour of mute witness is extremely tense , as billy , the quite believable mute heroine , sees members of the russian mob brutally kill a prostitute while filming an illegal snuff film . the rest of the film takes good advantage of billy's vulnerable position as a mute foreigner in moscow being pursued by powerful criminal figures . to throw a curveball into the fray , billy's sister karen and her filmmaking beau become bizarre figures of comic relief to offset several violent sequences in what are some genuinely funny scenes . a disappointingly trite ending and occasional comic blunders are the only two things which mar this otherwise suspenseful film . look for alec guinness ( obi-wan kenobi from the first star wars trilogy ) in a small role as the evil reaper . definately check this movie out ; although , as a word of warning , it does contain several scenes of rather grisly violence which certainly aren't for the squeamish . 
starring kyle maclachlan , laura dern , isabella rossellini , dennis hopper , george dickerson , hope lange , brad dourif , jack nance , and dean stockwell . david lynch's " blue velvet " begins and ends with colorful , bright shots of flowers and happy americans mowing their lawns in a seemingly perfect american town . however , what lies inside this nominally safe atmosphere is a " strange world " of drug dealers , sadists , and murderers . the opening and closing shots are a wonderful contrast to the rest of the gloomy , disturbing film . they show not to make assumptions from first glance and that oddness is common in all places under all circumstances . odd would be a perfect adjective to describe this film , its characters , its direction , and its story . thankfully , the obscurity that " blue velvet " relies on is enough to make this film enjoyable . since its elements are so originally weird , you never know what will happen next . this is the main goal of a movie ; to be spontaneous and surprising . " blue velvet " miracuously succeeds at this even though it contains mediocre acting . lynch creates such a hypnotic world that it is hard to resist his style of story telling . the film starts off with the discovery of a severed ear by a college boy ( kyle maclachlan ) . from this point maclachlan finds himself involved with a lounge singer ( isabella rossellinia ) who has lost her son and husband to a kidnapping . the plot is much more detailed than the aforementioned and this is what makes david lynch's story telling so amazing . maclachlan becomes involved in a forbidden relationship , in another relationship that could have been taken straight out of a high school flick , and he is put into the shoes of a drug dealer who has some wild adventures with some wild friends . through these multiple stories , maclachlan lives multiple lives and as we follow maclachlan , we are introduced to a variety of interesting subplots . lynch masterfully builds these subplots but he does not piece them all together in the very end and make a convenient crowd pleasing conclusion . instead he leaves some ambiguity and forces those curious enough to get the real meaning to watch the film several several times . lynch has been known to do this with a number of his films meaning he may be too esoteric for some hoping to get a hollywood ending where the good guy gets the girl and everything turns out fine . however , for fans of odd difficult indies , " blue velvet " could be just what they are looking for . it is very hard to discuss " blue velvet " without discussing the performance of dennis hopper's sadistic frank . most of the other actors in the film were not very memorable . kyle maclachlan lacked one important aspect for his role , a personality . laura dern was consistently annoying . but dennis hopper stole every scene he was in . his evil character was just plain old frightening in his mannerisms from his obsession to velvet to his incessant breathing from a gas mask . frank is a character that comes along once in a blue moon . many producers know this and have inevitably begun to typecast hopper as the bad guy . just like his villain in " speed " , hopper is over the edge with cursing and screaming every chance he has to speak . this harshness is exactly what frank is , so weird and twisted that it is hard not to look at him , even if he theatens you to look away . " blue velvet " has characters and stories you will never see in a movie again . for this sole reason it is recommended . but also see it to admire lynch's obsession to avoid the norm . even if this film is a little too weird for you , it's hard not to congratulate a guy for trying something new and sticking to it . 
this film is based on the campy tv show from the 1960's under the same appellation . mind you , most people ( including yours truly ) who will see this movie will not have seen any episodes from the original series . the movie is really a stand alone in that regard . the family robinson . . . lost in space . plot : set in the year 2058 , the family robinson is chosen to sail out into space in search of other planets that might contain the natural resources earth needs in order to survive its future . a colonization process , if you will . they are joined by able pilot west ( leblanc ) , and evil uninvited stowaway ( oldman ) , who does not want to see the trip conclude on a successful tip . eventually , their trek goes awry , and all are " lost in space " . " how do get back to earth ? " is the question that infests the rest of this sci-fi epic . critique : this film reminded me a lot of the fifth element ( 6 . 5/10 ) from the summer of 1997 . it's a film with a lot of flash , but very little actual substance . admittedly , there isn't an annoying character like chris tucker from the other film , but this film does run a little too long , and did lose me in regards to its complex time-travel / multi-dimensional story line . having said that , the special effects in this movie were amazing , and the overall look and feel were also way above average . you really felt like you were in the future , and riding through space with these poor souls . unfortunately for this chosen family , their 10-year old son is the smartest one in the group , and the father is too wrapped up in his work to notice the rest of his family ( ever heard that one before ? yawn ! ) . the acting is ok , and i was especially surprised at the solid performance by tv friend's matt leblanc who shows us all that he's definitely more than just a pretty face . on the down side , the family riff-raff that cuts through most of the picture is lame and time-consuming ( even though we gotta give them credit for " trying " to develop characters in a sci-fi pic ) , the story line is hard to follow , the evil character in the movie actually tells people that he's " evil " , and the movie goes on for about 20 minutes too long . on the slick side , many of the special effects are really cool ( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper-drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling ( i will also admit that " somehow " they got me to semi-tear up near the conclusion of this picture . . . . very odd . . . . . ) . overall , if you're a big sci-fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts . little known facts : this film will always be remembered as the movie that knocked titanic ( 7/10 ) out of the top spot at the box-office after 15 straight weeks at number one . garry oldman is british , and was once married to uma thurman for about six months . mimi rogers was tom cruise's first wife . visit joblo's movie reviews @ http : //www . microtec . net/~drsuess/ 
star wars : episode i - the phantom menace reviewfor more movie views by jamey hughton , visit : http : //welcome . to/movieviews with all the hype that star wars : episode 1- the phantom menace has been receiving , it seems almost impossible to avoid interest in seeing the film . the movie is easily the most anticipated motion picture ever , with a marketing campaign so strong it has brought colonel sanders , the taco bell chihuahua and pizza hut together . can george lucas succeed yet again with transporting us back a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away . . . . ? yes . this star wars prequel may be the worst of the bunch , with amateurish dialogue and an overall lack of humanity . but that doesn't mean it fails to comply on the basis of solid entertainment . the phantom menace features the most eye-catching , jaw-dropping visual look in cinematic history . the tremendous action sequences will have you clinging to your arm rest , and the special effects are nothing short of the best ( and most plentiful ) to ever be caught on film . the vast digitized worlds and sheer imagination that was applied to this project is astounding . the phantom menace is a delectable feast for the senses , even if it has some disappointing aspects . after we're treated to the famous prologue in the sky , with john williams' thundering score , we meet qui-gon jonn ( liam neeson ) and young obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) , a jedi master and his trainee `padawan' . they are on the ship accommodating the fleet headquarters for the evil trade federation , and have been sent to settle disputes regarding the taxation of trade routes to the planet of naboo . oh , but enough about that . the prime concern for this prequel is introducing young anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd ) into the picture . as you already know , this seemingly charming lad is the boy who will soon become darth vader . a spectacular pod race comes soon hereafter . this particular race is the most exciting , energetic , high-octane action sequence that you'll ever see . one of the delights of the series is meeting the newest set of strange alien creatures that lucas has devised , and the phantom menace is no exception . i loved sebulba , the rat-like scoundrel whom anakin has to face in the pod race , and boss nass , the leader of the gungans ( who are a neighbouring species to naboo ) . one character who has been subject to criticism is jar-jar binks , a member of the gungan race . jar-jar speaks like roger rabbit on a hallucinogenic drug , and is there for the sole purpose of supplying comic relief . yes , he is initially annoying , but i can admit to laughing over some of his harmless , goofy antics . there is some lack of dramatic pull in this star wars entry , but the presentation almost makes you forget the plot and character lapses . the final light-saber battle , between the jedi's and the horrific ( and terminally underused ) villain darth maul , is spectacular to behold . jabba the hutt , yoda , c-3po and r2-d2 have cameo appearances . lucas has not forget how to captivate an audience , even if his latest shows obvious signs of tiredness . one can only wonder what the possible technology will present for the next two installments , episode's i and ii . when they arrive , you'll know where to find me . 
wild things ( 1998 ) rated r for strong sexuality , nudity , language and violence .  starring : kevin bacon , matt dillon , neve campbell , denise richards , theresa russell , daphne rubin-vega as much as i wanted to like this film as i went into it , the more pleased i was when i left . first , getting through all the usual lines of newspaper glitz : " if you liked scream , you'll love wild things ! " " campbell gives a stunning performance ! " " this twisty plot will have you dazzled for days ! " ( oh yeah , the day a newspaper uses these is the day neve campbell falls in love with me ) now , onto more serious stuff ( and with this film , i mean that in nearly a sarcastic way ) . wild things has single-handedly broken down the rules surrounding the r rating from the mpaa . i'm not saying that in a bad way , but when you see this film , you may be shocked by what you see . however , perhaps the mpaa was pleased by the film's charming cast and tricky plot , that they let the film slide with an r rating . being mormon , i'm bound to hear an uproar from religious zealots warning me not to see the film . trouble is , i have already seen it . and i like it ! wild things is a film noir of the 90s , filled with 40s sensibilities , and yet breaking the rules and modern-day taboos of 90s culture . the style in which it is filmed is rich in color . the actors are all gorgeous people , seemingly drawn from the same gene pool and placed into this film . sure , it's all too good to be true , but ain't it fun to watch ? when movies like this come along ( sort of a better version of basic instinct ) there is bound to be people who either love it or hate it . there will be people who don't want to admit liking what they see , but i tell you , most anyone who sees this will like it . wild things begins at blue bay high school , the one high school in the world that any teenager would love to get into . it's almost as if students are put through entrance exams just for admittance ( totally based on looks alone ) . of course , there are those select few who may look slightly ugly , but compared to the average person , they are gorgeous . immediately , the film finds its tone and the audience settles in for an enjoyable time . we can turn off our brains , right ? wrong . while you may be expecting one thing to happen , it certainly doesn't turn out that way . the film begins in a classroom , with nearly all the main characters present . there's sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a counselor for the students . he's heading the class discussion . there's also kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , a snobby rich teen who has fallen in love with sam . teaching the class , however , are two policemen : ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphne rubin-vega ) , who want to talk about 'sex . . . ( cheers ) crimes ( boos ) ' . " what is a sex crime ? " ray asks . " not gettin' any ! " one student responds . this pretty much sets the tone of the film we are about to watch . however , upon hearing this , one student , suzie toller ( neve campbell ) , stands up and leaves the room , commenting that they can both kiss part of her body . and so , wild things sets into motion . quickly , kelly begins hitting on sam , but sam doesn't want anything to do with her advances . kelly is stubborn and continues to pursue him . she even pleads with him to let her wash his jeep . surprisingly , that's really all i can tell you about the plot . any more would give away one of the many crucial plot twists . and what's more , these plot twists are actually unpredictable . going along the way of scream , wild things maintains that film's surprises , and then adds even more to them . there are more plot twists in this film than probably any i have ever seen . and even though you think you may get tired of them , the surprises are so genuine that it's rather pleasing . going back over them in my mind , nearly all of them work , though some stretch the boundaries of belief . thankfully , the convoluted plot doesn't give us much time to think about each one , pouncing yet another twist on us before the shock of the previous one has worn off . as for the critics who complain that the film is trashy--well , it is . this is pretty much just one trashy film . however , it is the kind of trashy that isn't hard to watch . it's good trash , in a sense . one , the screenplay knows that it's not to be taken seriously , and it includes a lot of humor and satire into the story . this varies everywhere from kelly's mother ( theresa russell ) , who is more of a caricature of rich people , all the way to an ambulance-chasing lawyer ( bill murray ) , who wears a neck-brace to cover an insurance scam he is running . bill murray also provides the best character in the film , and most of the genuine laughs . and two , the sex is more than gratuitous , although not unwelcomed . wild things is supposed to have sex in it ( what film with that title wouldn't ? ) , and this movie breaks the boundaries . instead of having heterosexual sex scenes , it also includes lesbian scenes between denise richards and neve campbell ( don't worry . . . it's not as graphic as you might think ) . the heterosexual scenes are quite graphic , but the surprise shocker is kevin bacon's full-frontal nude scene . it's very brief , so if you blink , you may miss ( ahem ) it . and , for as long as i can remember , i don't think i have seen an r-rated film show an erect one before ( it's not completely , but judging from the audiences' reaction , it was more than they expected too ) . also , during one scene late in the film , there seemed to be a relationship brewing between bacon and dillon's characters , but nothing came of it ( makes you wonder if the director had to cut it in order for the r rating , or if the actors refused to do it ) . what first made me want to see wild things was its cast . neve campbell , of course , has been one of my favorite actresses since the scream films were released . here , however , she turns every typical role she has done on its head and plays a gothic pothead . the closest role to this was her performance in the craft ( though even in that she was a nice girl ) . campbell is probably the best in the film and shows her wide range of talent . you can tell she will be around for a long time . denise richards will also be around for a long time , although she may be limited to the roles without much range . here , she gets to express more emotions than in her stiff ( yet effective ) performance in starship troopers . hopefully one day she will land a very good role that can display her ability . and then there is daphne rubin-vega , a newcomer to the movies . she gives a very good performance , although her character is mostly left to the background for the first hour and a half . towards the end she does get a bigger part . on the male side , matt dillon is probably the best , giving a subtle performance that surprises with every twist . kevin bacon has a slightly wooden character , but he makes the most of it . you must have admiration , though , for what he did on screen . and judging from many of the women's reactions in the theater to that shot , they have grown a deeper appreciation for bacon ( yeah , right ) . and then there is bill murray . his performance is the comic relief , and he nearly steals the film . as a whole , the entire cast works wondrously together , and they seem at home , even when doing the menage a troi . director john mcnaughton , who has previously done the critically acclaimed henry : portrait of a serial killer , has constructed a wonderfully twisty plot that works . his direction is smooth and stylish . the visuals are striking , filled with rich colors , and almost so realistic that we can actually breathe the humidity in the air . however , he seems more at home when the actors aren't talking . his fly-by shots of the swampy areas are brilliant , and his photography of denise richards' climbing out of the pool is a highlight . the cinematography is gorgeous in its details . its not often that you see a film like this , and we should watch it just to see how the camera can take pictures . then , there is the music . this was probably the most obvious thing to me , as it set the perfect mood for the film . it's hard to describe in words , so just see the film and listen to it . it's wonderfully composed and presented . and be sure to stick around during the closing credits ! mcnaughton has finally put the ending credits to good use ( while most comedies use it for outtakes ) . he has included some small scenes which help explain the preceding events . some may say that these are lame attempts to explain the convoluted plot , but it's an entertaining way to finish the film . plus , there are some shocking moments in these ending credits which just add to the fun . wild things is appropriately rated r for strong sexuality , nudity , language and violence . again , the nudity is rather unnecessary , but let's face it--people want to see it . so why not give it to them ? neve campbell , admirably , has a no-nudity clause in her contract , and the most you see of her is from behind as she takes her top off ( way to go , neve ! ) . the sex scenes are graphic , especially the first one we see , between the mother and one of her deck hands . one almost wonders how they got away with the r rating . the language is quite harsh too , ranging from sexual innuendo to your average , everyday profanity . and i can't stress it enough : don't allow kids under 18 to see this film . the target age for the movie is the 18-24 range , and that's who should see it . it's definitely not for those under 18 ! did i mention that this film is rated r ? however , for those that do get a chance to watch it , you will probably more likely be pleased , and may even take friends to see it the next time . reviewed by respect ( respect@aros . net ) http : //www . aros . net/~respect/movies . html 
starring tom hanks , meg ryan , parker posey , greg kinnear , steve zahn " you've got mail " is the very definition of a " cute " movie . it's got cute stars , a cute story-line , and even cute pets . despite this over-whelming cuteness ( or maybe because of it ) , i loved " you've got mail " . i know , i know . i'm supposed to be a film critic . i'm not supposed to love transparent and formula pictures like this . but darn it , somewhere along the way , " you've got mail " reeled me in , hook , line , and sinker . the movie stars tom hanks and meg ryan as two somewhat unhappy new yorkers who meet in an aol online chat room and quickly become close friends , without ever knowing each others identity . as the movie progresses , though , they begin to discover that they have a lot in common with each other . meanwhile , in " real-life " , they are bitter competitors . she owns a quaint little children's bookstore , he owns one of those gigantic super-bookstores that offer impersonal service and discount prices . while his store threatens to run her store out of business , their online relationship grows stronger . " you've got mail " is as artificial as movies come . everything is nice and happy and by the end , all the characters have gotten exactly what they wanted out of life . there are no real conflicts , no major disappointments , no unresolved issues . nevertheless , i quite enjoyed it . in fact , i can't remember the last time i had such a good time at the movies . i think sometimes you have to be able to watch a movie and just get drawn into it . the fact that stars hank and ryan are at the top of their game does not hurt either . in particular , hanks is at his best here , turning his " charm-meter " up to 11 . everytime he was on screen , he had my full attention . and despite the fact that he was driving little bookstores out of business , i was rooting for him . it was good to see hanks back doing what he does best : playing the affable everyman . " you've got mail " certainly won't be winning any awards , but as an exercise in pure entertainment , it's as good as it gets . 
the ring is probably one of the creepiest movies i've seen in years . but then again , i've always had this phobia of asian born horror films . i remember when i was a kid i was scared as hell with those green faced , long-haired floating ghosts donning their white gownseuuugh . the ring really brings back those memories and its grips me long after the movie has ended . unlike the horror films coming from the west , i'm pretty much used to the gore and visual effects , so much so , they become rather bland nowadays . there's really no scary movie from the west for a long time . if you have something in mind , please tell me . this japanese flick is supposed to be based upon stories written by `the stephen king of japan' , which is also ( i heard ) televised over the air in japan . the film revolves around a mysterious videotape which will bring death for sure to the person who watches it , one week prior to viewing . a journalist and her husband , stupid enough , tests the so call `urban legend' and ends up having a week before she meets her doom . she and her husband then goes on a search for the origin of the videocassette , to get to the root of the whole curse with the hopes of freeing themselves . the ring plays on the senses like no other horror film today . visual subtlety , minimal music and an intriguing plot puts the audience within an aura of suspense throughout the entire film . very well done indeed , especially for a film that does not have a single trace of violence and gore . now , thats something budding horror film-maker wannabes should consider looking into . just an idea of how visually powerful the film is , it is in japanese and subtitled in chinese ; both of which , i can't understand at all ( ok , i had a friend who gave me a gist prior to watching , but he revealed very little ! ) . the twists in the plot , leading to an unforgettable climax ( will definitely leave an impression on the audience ) will have you at the edge of your seat . 
the presence ( 1992 ) a film review by justin felix . copyright 1999 justin felix . any comments about this review ? contact me at justinfelix@yahoo . com all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix written by william bleich . directed by tommy lee wallace . starring gary graham , kathy ireland , and june lockhart . rated pg-13 ( contains violence ) 97 mins . synopsis : a whole bunch of people flee an unspecified country and an unspecified skirmish in a plane . they crashland near an unspecified island , where they discover that an unspecified group of scientists working for unspecified employers have experimented with biological weapons . comments : even though the presence is packaged as a real movie with a real movie rating ( pg-13 ) , it becomes patently obvious early on that this is a made-for-tv movie , and if you stick around until the end of the credits , you'll discover that nbc was responsible for this fluff . it's not bad fluff really , as far as cheesy science fiction and tv movies go . corny dialogue and poor acting are plentiful , so you'll have lots to laugh at . if not , the creature at the end of the film will make you chuckle : a slow-moving guy in a rubber suit slightly reminiscent of the gill man in the 1950s classic creature from the black lagoon . as i said , this is nbc's version of a science fiction thriller , and what a version it is ! the presence opens with bikini-clad supermodels who read shakespeare's the tempest during a photo shoot in what is apparently a war zone . most of the film takes place on a giant island with huge research facilities which haven't been touched since the mid-1970s and some sort of native tribe who , despite their primitive ways , can produce supermodels with surprisingly well-conditioned hair . and through it all , an aged june lockhart ( from the old lost in space tv series ) stands around and offers to make coffee . this is a very , very bad movie , but a fairly fun and funny b-movie . wipe the dust off this box at your local video store and check it out . 
release date : february 19 , 1999 starring : jake gyllenhaal , laura dern , chris owen , william lee scott , chad lindberg , chris cooper , natalie canerday directed by : joe johnston distributed by : universal pictures mpaa rating : pg ( language , brief teen sensuality and alcohol use , some thematic elements ) url : http : //www . execpc . com/~kinnopio/reviews/1999/october . htm since 1990 , the dramatic picture has undergone a certain change of style . now , instead of emphasizing feel-good stories replete with characters of noble virtues , the screenplays and direction point toward human struggle and sorrow . this realist tendancy can be inspiring at times , as 1993's schindler's list shows . most of today's mainstream drama , however , creates an overabundance of emoting that can turn off members of the audience . that's why pictures like october sky , which are a throwback to the good ol' dramas of yesteryear , are such a welcome relief in contemporary cinema . the movie is based on the true story of homer hickam ( jake gyllenhaal ) , a teenager in the 1950's company town of coalwood , west virginia . it's a well-known fact that the only boys to make a name for themselves are the ones that get out of the town on football scholarships ; the rest grow up to work in the coal mine . the mine , which is run by homer's father ( chris cooper ) , is not the place for homer , however . after watching the soviet satellite sputnik shoot across the october sky in 1957 , homer feels a connection with the outside world -- as he puts it , " anyone in the world could look up and see the same thing i did . " drafting two of his best friends and the brainiac outcast , homer begins to construct rockets . with the help of their history teacher , miss riley ( laura dern ) , and several mine workers , the four are soon bound for great things . october sky is a skillfully crafted film , and most of that credit must go to director joe johnston . johnston -- whose career in the film industry includes everything from directing well-known titles like jumanji and the rocketeer down to an uncredited role as a death star trooper in star wars -- certainly knows what he's doing here . he molds characters which are true to life and also fun to watch into a plot that is straightforward and robust . he does not push any barriers , but instead adopts a conservative style of filmmaking which enhances the film's charm . his finesse brings out elements which might otherwise be lost -- such as the relationships between homer and various mine workers , or the silent struggle between homer's mother and father . the cast is well chosen , although the true bright spots are the supporting roles . laura dern ( jurassic park ) lends a strong performance in the role of the history teacher , giving the boys the support and guidance they need . her role is instantly likeable . chris cooper ( the horse whisperer ) , as homer's father , is less likeable -- even downright despicable at times -- but his turn here gives gravity to the movie . he's definitely a driving force in homer's life , and his more humane moments give the piece a certain dynamic that is commendable . the script is generally cheerful , projecting the boys' endeavors in a lighthearted manner . there are moments when it becomes predictable -- such as the train tracks scene -- and there are moments when it sacrifices orginality for the need to come up with an emotional plot twist . it highlights the essence of youth , however , and for its exceptional job at this it can be forgiven other missteps . october sky should be a success with audiences . although it doesn't have the appeal of current teen flicks like varsity blues or she's all that , it certainly holds an undeniable quality that older crowds will lean towards . it's a welcome change to the dramatic genre , and one that everyone should see . 
54 reviewed by jamie peckrating :  miramax / 1 : 32 / 1998 / r ( language , sexuality , drug use , brief nudity ) cast : ryan phillippe ; salma hayek ; mike myers ; breckin meyer ; sela ward ; neve campbell ; sherry stringfield ; ellen dow ; heather matarazzo ; lauren hutton director : mark christopher screenplay : mark christopherfor a movie about disco-era excess , " 54 " comes up surprisingly short on the sleazy happenings at the titular late 1970s and early 1980s manhattan dance club . think of it as a sort of " boogie nights " -lite - where that similarly-structured and -set portrayal of the porn industry was loaded with salacious goings-on and skidded on a destructive midpoint tone shift , " 54 " leaves the kinkier details to your imagination . it never needlessly revels in its seedy subject matter , but it thankfully never resorts to preaching , either . in fact , were it not for the rampant drug use and the intermittent dark moment , " 54 " would be about as feathery as the time period's popular female hairstyle . studio 54 was a haven for the rich , famous and generally good-looking before it closed its doors forever in 1986 . inside , anything went and , we are told , everything did . the film's fictional main character is shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe , the jerky jock from " i know what you did last summer " ) , a fresh-faced 19-year-old who dreams of venturing beyond the club's velvet rope and coming face-to-face with the wild decadence he can only read about in magazines . his wish comes true when studio 54 owner steve rubell ( mike myers ) spots him amongst a crowd of gawkers one night in '79 and permits him passage - but not before he doffs his hideous shirt , of course . once inside , shane becomes seduced by the club's dizzying vortex of sex and drugs . he has such a good time that he doesn't want to leave , so he seeks employment as a busboy . he quickly becomes friends with greg ( breckin meyer ) and anita ( salma hayek ) , a married couple who work along side of him ; greg's a fellow busboy with aspirations to make the big money as a studio 54 bartender , while anita checks coats but desires a recording contract to call her own . after rubbing elbows ( among other things ) with a renowned socialite ( sela ward ) and gaining the personal interest of rubell , shane begins to ascend to the upper echelons of 54 . but fame doesn't come without a price . " 54 " 's major shortcomings lie within its handling of the supporting players - at a slim hour-and-a-half , the film is too short to take on such a multi-character focus , and more than a few balls are dropped in the resulting juggling act . alleged last-minute edits and reshoots are more than likely to blame for the occasionally rushed development and ambiguous interaction , since " 54 " sometimes feels like it's missing a scene here or there . nowhere is this more apparent than in shane's relationship with soap opera actress julie black ( neve campbell ) , a frequent studio 54 patron whom he's long admired from afar . the romance is prodded along before it has a chance to transform into something special . that " 54 " works despite these limitations , then , is largely due to the competence and energy with which it's assembled . sure , it's shallow , slick , sanitized portrait of a bygone age , and sure , we've seen the rags-to-riches story gazillions of times , but debut director and screenwriter mark christopher keeps things moving with lively snapshots of the studio 54 hustle and bustle and an even livelier cast to inhabit his bouncy vision . the film boasts some fine comic creativity , the pinnacle of which is disco dottie ( " the wedding singer " 's ellen dow ) , an elderly dancing queen who plays the loving grandmother in public , but slides up to shane behind 54's closed doors and asks for a " funky little treat . " the solid , sexy cast smooths out - if only while you're caught up in the film - any rough spots belonging to their alter-egos or the plot . newcomer phillippe has the charisma and joisey accent down pat ; he and campbell , as fetching as ever , look so good together it's a shame their subplot goes nowhere . meyer exhibits the congenial appeal that made him a delight to watch in " clueless " ( he was the stoner with the joker-smile ) , while hayek simply sizzles , especially when leading a dance class with the mantra , " one , two , three , attitude ! " sherry stringfield , unidentifiable under big '70s hair , takes on her first big-screen gig since she left " er " as rubell's accountant , but she's criminally underused . as the droopy-eyed , drug-addled steve rubell , myers is worth the price of admission alone . when he's not playing the life of the party , the ex- " saturday night live " comedian strips away all of rubell's confidence and swagger to show a man desperately trying to fill his empty , unhappy life with exorbitance ; it's a moment worthy of pity when , while lounging on a bed of money and vomiting from a particularly heavy evening , he attempts to seduce one of his employees . and while his performance is largely serious , myers mixes the empathy with a delicate " austin powers " -esque wink , thus keeping consistent with " 54 " 's overall feel - gaudy , larger-than-life and satisfyingly ornamental , not unlike a giant disco ball . © 1998 jamie peck e-mail : jpeck1@gl . umbc . edu visit the reel deal online : http : //www . gl . umbc . edu/~jpeck1/ " ‘stargate' is like a film school exercise . assignment : conceive of the weirdest plot you can think of , and reduce it as quickly as possible to action movie cliches . if possible , include sun god ra , and make sure something gets blowed up real good . " -roger ebert on " stargate " 
directed by lisa cholodenko . cast : radha mitchell , ally sheedy , patricia clarkson , bill sage , gabriel mann , anh duong , david thornton , tammy grimes , helen mendes , cindra feuer , charis michelson . 1998 - 101 minutes . rated r ( for profanity , sexual situations , nudity , and drug use ) . reviewed december 11 , 1998 . lisa cholodenko's " high art , " is an intelligent , quiet drama . its strongest quality , aside from the top-notch central performances , is the perceptive way in which the film , also written by cholodenko , observes its characters . they are all flawed people , some more troubled than others , but they are not judged . judging the characters in this picture would be a creative misstep on the filmmakers' parts , because no one , no matter how bad off they are , deserve to be negatively judged if they are involved in some serious problems that they cannot break free of . syd ( radha mitchell ) , a 24-year-old woman living with her longtime boyfriend james ( gabriel mann ) , has recently been awarded an ideal job at the high-profile photography magazine , " frame . " she very much enjoys where her career is headed , but is often not taken very seriously by her managers , who are always giving her petty jobs to do , when she knows she could be doing more important things . one night , while taking a bath , syd notices a leak coming from the apartment above hers , so when she goes up there to inform them of it , she meets lucy beliner ( ally sheedy ) , a thin , worn-out , and unhappy woman , who lives with her drug-addicted german girlfriend , greta ( patricia clarkson ) , a pathetic former actress who is usually so out-of-it that she often is in and out of conciousness . syd quickly strikes up a conversation with lucy , and discovers that she used to be an acclaimed photographer ten years before . lucy claims she doesn't want to get back into the profession , but syd manages to convince the " frame " editors to do a piece on her work . all the while , syd begins to grow deep feelings for lucy , even though she has never previously been attracted to a woman , and lucy starts a battle with her personal demons . " high art , " is such an effective motion picture because it is never suger-coated or idealized , but instead an honest and convincing portrait of a handful of unhappy people whose lives are going nowhere , while syd's luck begins to rise . the film in no way is about lesbianism , but about love , which was a refreshing change of pace from the usual stereotypical portraits of homosexuality . as lucy and syd grow closer and closer together , we really do believe that they are falling in love with each other , even if the relationship might be doomed . with this picture , ally sheedy's star has risen once again , thanks to her touching , nearly flawless portrtayal of lucy , a woman who , in the course of a decade , has found her life consumed almost entirely by drugs , which has taken away her once-blossoming career . her characted really is tragic , and one particular scene involving lucy and her mother , in which lucy admits to her that she has a drug problem , and her mother matter-of-factly responds by saying she can't help her , is heartbreaking . although not autobiographical , sheedy has had drug problems in her past , and i suspect she brought that knowledge of already being in lucy's footsteps to her role . also very good is radha mitchell as syd , who previously starred in the slight 1997 australian comedy , " love and other catastrophes , " wh caught me by surprise with her performance . easily being able to pass as christina ricci's older sister , mitchell obtains the same natural charisma that has made ricci so popular recently . as accurate as almost every detail is in , " high art , " i wish the relationship had been more tightly written involving syd and james , who , played by gabriel mann , is left with a throwaway role . by the time he finds out about syd and lucy , he disappears from the film , and i wish there had been another scene where they confronted each other . this is a very minor fault , however , in a film that is full of riches . although many of the characters are stuck in a hopeless pit of despair , syd and lucy are intelligent people who recognize their problems . the character of dominique ( anh duong ) , the " frame " editor who decides to give syd a chance with her ideas , was also written to be far more mature than expected . and the one sex scene in the film was beautifully and originally done . for once , it did not invlove steaminess , or violent sexual activity , or gratuitous nudity , but focused on the actual characters , who love each other , and their insecurities involved in making the decision to actually have sex . " high art , " which won the screenwriting award at the 1998 sundance film festival , marks the superior feature film debut of cholodenko , as well as sheedy's strongest , and best , role to date . - copyright 1998 by dustin putman dustin putman's film reviews 
the director of the crow ( 1994 ) returns with this happy epic , set in a world where the sun is always shining and everyone is cheerful . only kidding . as you could guess by the title , dark city is a dark , depressive , but somewhat entertaining picture . set sometime in the future , the film begins when we see john murdoch ( sewell ) wake up with no memory . he can't remember his wife emma ( connely ) or the murders that he has been framed for . and when he encounters strange , tall people wearing silly hats trying to kill him ( called 'the strangers' ) , he tries to get answers . with the help of dr . scheriber ( sutherland ) he tries to work out what the hell is going on . hot on his tail on this time is world weary cop inspector frank bumstead ( hurt . ) despite the dark setting , and the depressive mood the picture has , dark city is entertaining . the first thing that makes the film fun is the cast . director alex proyas has managed to assemble a pretty good cast for what is essentially a very silly sci-fi movie . rufus sewell does a good job looking confused , and also does the action scenes all right aswell . sutherland appears to be having fun as the doctor , even if he is overacting just a little . his delivery of his lines really started to annoy me , though . ( he pauses every two words . ) more worringly , he's looking more like his father every day . connelly fine in her role , although it dosen't require much . her singing voice , by the way , is anita kelsey , so don't expect any connelly hits in the chart's any time soon . william hurt is not bad , even though he dosen't really appear to be trying . also popping up is ian richardson and richard o'brian as two of the strangers . both are good english actors , and watching them dress up in the most stupid costumes , blurting out lines which a b movie screenwriter would be proud of is actually quite amusing ( if you're british , that is . ) then again , o'brien dressed up stupid in the rocky horror picture show ( 1975 ) so looking silly is no stranger to him . like the crow , the film is directed like a music video with a large budget . proyas uses fast cuts , quick zooms and a dance soundtrack to great effect , as they manage ( along with the acting ) to drown out the poor dialogue ( written by lem dobbs , david s . goyer and proyas himself . ) the fast paced directing helps the movie bound along . the dialogue just slows it down . it's clumsy , stupid , and in the end , just boring . the best thing about dark city , however , is the look of the film . the city is impressive , it's look the place the crow ( and deckard from bladerunner , 1982 ) would live . the special effects are also impressive , especially the ones in the overblown finale . dark city is a definite case of style of content . if you get bored of the movie , just sit back and enjoy the great scenery , the great directing , and the soundtrack . this things alone probably make dark city worth watching . it may not be the best film of the year , but dark city is worth watching , and is ultimately just good fun . 
starring : bruce willis , matthew perry , rosanna arquette , michael clarke duncan , natasha henstridge , amanda peet , kevin pollak director : jonathan lynn written by : mitchell kapner as creator of the british tv series " yes , minister " and the writer/director of movie comedies like clue , nuns on the run , and my cousin vinny , jonathan lynn isn't lacking in the offbeat humor department . with the whole nine yards , he shows a considerably darker side to his sense of what's funny ; this time there are contract killers , murder plots and double-crosses to go with the pratfalls and silly accents that characterized earlier lynn films . picture an elmore leonard novel filtered through a brit-com sensibility , and you get the idea . while the film begins unpromisingly , it kicks into an entirely more satisfying gear in its second half , giving matthew perry the distinction of having the best friends cast member movie thus far . perry stars as nick " oz " oseransky , a dentist who's distinctly unhappy with his mooching french-canadian wife ( played with a silly accent by arquette ) and unfulfilled life . after recognizing his new next-door neighbor jimmy jones ( willis ) as notorious hit man jimmy " the tulip " tudeski , oz is forced by his wife to go to chicago in hopes of collecting a reward for revealing tudeski's whereabouts to yanni gogolack ( pollak ) , the crime boss tudeski sold out for a reduced sentence . naturally , assorted hijinks ensue , including but not limited to oz's getting worked over by gogolack's enforcer frankie figs ( the green mile's duncan ) , sleeping with tudeski's wife ( henstridge ) , and finding out about a particularly large sum of money that everyone wants to " off " everyone else for . oz learns that tudeski doesn't believe in divorce ( it's a sin ) , but would happily kill his wife to get at the money . as he becomes a pawn in the schemes of everyone around him , oz has to figure out a way to keep the people he cares about from getting whacked-- especially himself . at first , laughs don't come easily . perry seems unsure whether to go with his sarcastic wiseacre character on friends or the bumbling , in-over-his-head naïf lynn seems to want . worse , he looks embarrassed at having to perform the too-numerous pratfalls that mar the entire movie . pollak , doing an even more silly accent than arquette's , tries to make his pronunciation of " vermin " this year's version of joe pesci's " yoots " in vinny but fails horribly . by the second half , though , after a few more characters have been established ( particularly jill , oz's dental secretary and contract killer wannabe , played with fervid enthusiasm by peet ) , the humor starts to click . willis' friendship with duncan is so patently obvious that it shines right through their line readings , and perry seems to relax into a much better mix of peevish tightass and nice-guy hero . even the sight gags are funnier . in the end , everything works out in a twisted yet moralistic way that jimmy the tulip would appreciate . 
director :   tony kaye cast :   edward norton , edward furlong , fairuza balk , beverly d'angelo , avery brooks , stacy heach , jennifer lien , elliott gould screenplay :   david mckenna producers :   john morrissey runtime :   117 min . us distribution :   new line cinema rated r :   graphic brutal violence , sexuality , nudty , language apparently , director tony kaye had a major battle with new line regarding his new film , american history x . i don't know the details of the fight , but it seems that he is not happy with the final product , and nearly removed his name from the credits altogether . i've heard about this kind of thing happening before , and it makes me wonder how much input a studio has over the films they produce . as it is , i found american history x to be an extremely good film , not just because of tony kaye's focused look at the touchy subject of racism , but because of a powerful , charismatic performance from edward norton . it's hard to believe that it has only been two years since norton's fantastic role in primal fear , but , here he is now , starring in his own film and making himself a star . norton is one of those performers who becomes his character , and his work in american history x is one of the very best performances this year . he plays a young man named derek vinyard , a skinhead living in venice beach with his brother , danny ( edward furlong ) , mother ( beverly d'angelo ) , and sister , davin ( jennifer lien ) . the film opens with a flashback , in which derek brutally kills two black men vandalizing his car . we find out that this lands him in prison , and the film from that point is seen through the eyes of danny . in the present-time of the film , danny is in high school , and eager to follow the footsteps of his brother . much of the film is told in flashback , and we see the path that leads to derek's adoption of white supremacy . when derek is released , having served three years in prison , he finds that his brother is now a full-blown skinhead ; derek , however , has given up the violence , and tries to get his brother to understand why racism and the violence that comes with it are bad things . what makes this all interesting is that these two young men are not stupid , thoughtless people -- they are intelligent and articulate , and voice their beliefs in disturbingly straightforward terms . it's hard to make a controversial movie and not preach , but kaye has found the right note for his material . because american history x is a mainstream film , there has to be a redemption phase for our main character -- some people may think that this is the only way to make him sympathetic . i partially disagree with this , because , although i do not advocate racism in any way , it's interesting the way kaye presents derek -- he is a loud , obnoxious man , but he's also very smart . the reasons for why he becomes a skinhead are believable -- his father was arbitrarily killed by a group of black men . it's clear that he's passionate about his beliefs , and that he's not just a punk looking for an excuse to beat people up . of course , it helps that kaye has an actor as talented as norton to play this part . it's astonishing how frightening norton looks with a shaved head and a swastika on his chest . in addition to getting the look just right , he's perfect for this role -- derek requires intelligence , depth , and a whole lot of shouting , and norton does it all with ease . even when he's at his meanest , derek has a likable quality to him , and that's a gutsy approach when telling a story about a skinhead . what adds depth to the story is a subplot in which the principal of danny's school ( avery brooks ) becomes obsessed with purging the hatred from danny . the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien . visually , the film is very powerful . kaye indulges in a lot of interesting artistic choices , and most of them work nicely -- lots of slow-motion and strange camera angles add to a moody atmosphere . but , like a lot of movies lately , american history x skims past greatness in the last few minutes . although the climactic scene is very moving , the picture ends with a pretentious , preachy resolution featuring a brief narration from a character who was killed . for a movie so smart a subtle up until that point , it felt like a slap in the face to be hand-fed a theme in such a simplistic way . it makes me wonder what , exactly , tony kaye disliked about the final version of his film . perhaps this last scene was the problem . it's hard to imagine any director not being at least partially pleased with a film this good -- in a time when so many movies are timid and weak , american history x manages to make a compelling argument for racism without advocating it any way . 
australia/usa , 1997 u . s . release date : 12/31/97 ( limited ) , 1/16/98 ( wider ) running length : 2 : 10 mpaa classification : r ( violence , sex , mature themes ) theatrical aspect ratio : 2 . 35 : 1 cast : ralph fiennes , cate blanchett , ciaran hinds , tom wilkinson , richard roxburgh , clive russell , bille brown director : gillian armstrong producers : robin dalton , timothy white screenplay : laura jones based on the novel by peter carey cinematography : geoffrey simpson music : thomas newman u . s . distributor : fox searchlight ralph fiennes is carving out a nice niche for himself in the genre of period piece romances . for his followup to the academy-beloved the english patient , he has once again turned to a love story , this time directed by accomplished australian film maker gillian armstrong ( little women ) . despite some obvious overplotting , oscar and lucinda is a mostly effective and often affecting motion picture that touches our hearts while daring our minds to balk at its implausible coincidences . the film opens in the mid-1800s , with parallel storylines in new south wales , australia and devon , england . as the helpful narrative voice of geoffrey rush informs us , lucinda leplastrier ( cate blanchett ) is a headstrong young woman being raised in the australian outback . meanwhile , half the world away , oscar hopkins ( fiennes ) has broken with his puritanical father over religious issues , and has gone away to school to study to be an anglican priest . lucinda is fascinated with glass ; oscar is obsessed with theology . lucinda is rich ; oscar is poor . lucinda is forward and self-assured ; oscar is timid and uncertain of himself . yet one characteristic unites these two diverse individuals -- the compulsion to gamble , whether it's on horses , dogs , cards , or the flip of a coin . and fate has decreed that they will one day meet . that day doesn't occur until 45 minutes into the film , when oscar boards a ship bound for sidney , australia , where he hopes to change his life and minister to anyone in need of his help . another of the passengers is lucinda , who is returning from england where she was shopping for machinery to equip her newly-acquired glassworks factory . at first , their relationship is that of a reverend and a confessor , but it doesn't take long for both of them to recognize a kindred spirit in the other . a friendship is born , and , once they reach australia , it develops into something more potent . but oscar is uncertain of lucinda's affection , and feels he must do something to prove himself worthy of her . oscar and lucinda isn't beyond a little manipulation to get the desired emotional response , and there are times when the storyline curves in preposterous directions . on more than one occasion , it's apparent that events are occurring specifically to funnel the characters into a position where there is only one possible route . coincidence is a crucial plot device ; without it , this movie can't go anywhere . the voiceover narration ( never one of my favorite techniques ) is too verbose and breaks into the story at undesirable moments . ( however , without it , the final twist , which i will not reveal , would not be as poignant . ) yet , despite these quibbles , i enjoyed oscar and lucinda . storyline faults pale in the light of two such finely-realized characters . thematically , the film is also strong . the unifying motif -- that everything in life is a gamble -- is successfully delineated . oscar and lucinda don't just wager their money , they bet their hearts , minds , and souls . a card game they engage in shortly after they first meet could easily be considered a form of emotional " strip poker " where defenses are peeled away to reveal their shared , secret passion . oscar does not see gambling as a vice . in fact , he believes that the greatest chance one takes in life is betting one's immortal soul on the truth of a religious faith . ralph fiennes , who normally plays strong , confident men , is very much at home as the fumbling , insecure oscar . the actor brings a variety of nervous tics to the part , all of which subtly add to a vague sense of discomfort whenever oscar is on-screen . as good as fiennes is , however , he is eclipsed by cate blanchett . the actress , who appeared earlier this year as one of the leads in bruce beresford's paradise road , is mesmerizing as lucinda . she gives this liberated woman her flash , and feeds the chemistry between the two lead characters so that it sparkles rather than fizzles . effective support is provided by ciaran hinds ( the male lead in jane austen's persuasion ) as lucinda's close friend , tom wilkinson ( the full monty ) as oscar's mentor , and clive russell as a self-serving adventurer . there's a real magic in the way armstrong develops the story , keeping things moving in unexpected directions without lingering too long on any one moment or sequence . ( in fact , i wish she had devoted a little more time to the luminous middle act , which has oscar and lucinda together . ) with the skill of a consummate storyteller , she weaves romance , friendship , passion , humor , and tragedy together into a complete package . the characters , with all of their human foibles and neuroses , are wonderfully developed by fiennes and blanchett . so who cares if the storyline is a little ripe and unwieldy ? oscar and lucinda still offers abundant pleasures to reward the viewer . 
 martin scorsese's films used to intimidate me . because of his reputation , i felt obligated to appreciate them as deep film art rather than as great flicks . as much as i enjoyed them , i usually felt like i missed something . i learned from scorsese's casino that whatever techniques he uses are merely there to enhance the story . no mystical interpretation is required to appreciate his movies . for example , in casino he uses subtitles when robert deniro and joe pesci are using code words with each other . there was no meaning more exotic than that subtitles were the most succinct way for him to tell the audience what was really going on . or toward the end , when he uses three quick dissolves to compress a scene of a car backing away from a building . again , the simple , mundane explanation is that it helped the pacing . i don't mean to say that his techniques are not creative or good-looking . but he simply uses the best tool for the job . it shouldn't have surprised me , then , that kundun , a film about a mystical religion , actually turned out to be quite straightforward . the movie follows the life of the 14th dalai lama , the spiritual and political leader of tibet . the movie's title is another name for the dalai lama which means " ocean of wisdom . " his story is told in strict chronological order and there are only a few cinematic visions to embellish the literal story . ( one of which makes an interesting statement : pay attention to the film's opening shot and watch where it is repeated . ) we first glimpse the dalai lama when he is two years old . his curiosity and self-assuredness capture the attention of a monk wandering in search of the new lama . a test is arranged to see if this boy really is the reincarnation of the 13 dalai lamas who have gone before . several items belonging to the previous dalai lama are laid before the boy alongside some other items . the child is asked if he recognizes any of the items as his own . the boy picks correctly , proving that he is the new , and the old , dalai lama . scorsese and long-time editor thelma schoonmaker were kind enough to allow the possibility that the child was taking his cues from the monk . before selecting an item , he would look at the monk , perhaps for some sort of confirmation . sometimes he picked right the first time , and sometimes he made a second choice . either way , whether through reincarnation or quick human perception , the tibetans were assured of choosing a boy who could be a wise , perceptive leader . from this point on , the boy is raised as the reincarnation of the lama's spirit and the future leader of a nation . it is a great weight to put on the mind of a child . in the u . s . it might be grounds for a call to social services . but the young lama accepts his destiny without any apparent emotional damage . neither the great power nor the awesome responsibility keeps him from becoming a genuinely likeable , well-rounded person . certain patterns take shape over the years . for example , the dalai lama is fascinated by technology . radios , clocks , and telescopes are some of his favorite toys . when he is old enough to accept his leadership , he makes plans to modernize isolated tibet . he also has a soft spot for creatures who are suffering or in pain , including herd animals . it's nearly a running gag that he will buy sheep to keep them from being herded to slaughter . but the most ominous constant throughout his life is the presence and threat of tibet's gigantic neighbor , china . tibet and its leaders prove correct in fearing china , as , first the propaganda , then the political pressure , and finally the armies , come across their common border . the chinese invasion is so successful that the lama's life is in danger if he stays . the movie ends when , after much agonizing , the dalai lama leaves tibet for india . the story doesn't lead up to a cinematic climax as strongly as most feature films do . it just doesn't fit that mold . if it were forced into such a shape it would have been a completely different movie ( perhaps more like seven years in tibet , which is good in its own right ) . the pacing of kundun is more calm and level than that . the structure of the film is made to fit the characters and events , not vice-versa . perhaps because the pace is slower , we have more time to notice the beautiful art , vestments , and architecture of tibet . a mandala , ( tibetan sand painting ) with beautiful , vibrant colors is shown throughout the movie . the robes and hats of state are bright red and gold . the bricks are a rich reddish brown , not unlike the skin tone of the tibetans . even the touchstone pictures logo before the movie ( which is usually light blue ) is the red and gold of tibet . philip glass composed the music for kundun , and he was the perfect choice . for those who don't know of glass , his music is like a tibetan mandala . his building blocks are lots of small notes , tiny grains of music , which are first grouped , then repeated in patterns . these patterns create interesting textures which are themselves part of a larger composition . people won't be flocking to kundun for it's great ending , or talking about its outstanding plot , but it does have a lot to offer : an interesting lifetime , exotic sights , rich cinematography , and innovative music . it gives interesting insight into tibetan buddhism and takes a warm look at the dalai lama as a person . on top of it all is the cinematic mastery of martin scorsese , who gives the film a strong , beautiful , consistent look . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
cast : gwyneth paltrow , john lynch , john hannah , jeanne tripplehorn , douglas mcferran , zara turner director : peter howitt producers : phillipa braithwaite , sydney pollack , william hocberg screenplay : peter howitt cinematography : remi adefarasin music : david hirschfelder u . s . distributor : miramax films look back at all the times in your life when there was a fork in the path to the future . some sort of decision had to be made , and , for better or worse , it irrevocably altered the course of your existence . from time-to-time , everyone thinks about the roads not taken , and how things might have turned out if the choice had been different . perhaps even more dizzying to contemplate is how a seemingly minor action -- catching the 10 am train , for example -- could have an equally profound , yet less obvious , impact . maybe that's where you met your significant other , and , had you reached the platform just a few seconds later… film makers are no less fascinated by issues of destiny than anyone else , and that's why there's no shortage of movies about this subject . the best of the bunch were probably made by the late polish director krzysztof kieslowski , who was obsessed with questions of fate and chance . these themes weave their way through many of his movies , including decalogue , the double life of veronique , and the triptych of blue , white , and red . however , they are most explicitly examined in a 1981 film called blind chance , where kieslowski presents the three different fates of one man after a minor action ( missing or catching a train ) changes the course of his life . in his autobiography , kieslowski on kieslowski , the director describes his attraction to the concept this way : " [the idea is] rich and interesting… that every day we're faced with a choice which could end our entire life yet of which we're completely unaware . " while this approach has been the fodder for several notable dramatic films ( including , in a way , frank capra's it's a wonderful life ) , sliding doors is the first romantic comedy to plumb its depths . the " road not taken " approach isn't just a plot device , either . writer/director peter howitt expands upon both possible fates of a character after she just misses/catches a train . the audience watches , with ever-growing fascination , how this one event impacts upon every aspect of her life : her future career , where she lives , whom she loves , and whether she has a family . as her separate destinies diverge and then re-converge , she becomes two completely different individuals . that woman is helen , played by gwyneth paltrow as a long , dark- haired brit . one day , after losing her job as an advertising executive , she decides to return home in the middle of the day . the scene of the pivotal moment is a train platform . in scenario #1 , she just slips through the sliding doors before the train pulls out of the station . on board , she meets the cheerful , talkative james ( john hannah ) , a monty python fan who is taken with her beauty . minutes later , in her flat , she walks in on her lover , gerry ( john lynch ) , in bed with another woman ( jeanne tripplehorn ) . in scenario #2 , she misses the train and , shortly thereafter , is the victim of an attempted mugging . she doesn't meet james and fails to make it home in time to discover gerry's infidelity . juxtaposed one against the other , while sharing many places , cues , and characters , the two stories proceed in parallel from there . on one level , for viewers who enjoy pondering the workings of fate , sliding doors can be viewed as a deep and wonderful experience . but , for those who just appreciate a romantic comedy characterized by solid acting , a script with a few twists , and a great deal of genuinely funny material , sliding doors still fits the bill . one of its most obvious strengths is that it can satisfy many different types of audiences -- those who demand something substantial from their motion pictures , and those who could care less . it shouldn't come as any surprise that the acting , at least from three of the four leads , is solid . paltrow , who does double duty as two helens who are initially the same , yet gradually become much different , is the standout . she plays both of her roles effectively and believably -- the shy , insecure woman who stays with gerry and the liberated , platinum-blond who severs the ties to her old life and embarks on a new career with a new man . john hannah , known to most american viewers as the younger gay character in four weddings and a funeral , is instantly likable . john lynch , taking a break from movies about ireland's troubles , does a good job presenting gerry as a inept , selfish philanderer . only jeanne tripplehorn , who plays an over-the-top vixen , seems out of place . her attempts at broad comedy are occasionally jarring , and it's occasionally difficult to see her lydia as anything more than a plot element . one member of the supporting cast deserves special notice . douglas mcferran , who plays gerry's best friend , russell , is an absolute delight , stealing every scene that he's in . part of this is surely because he is given the best lines in the movie . on one occasion , he has a marvelous monologue bemoaning how advances in the telecommunications industry have trapped men into a life of monogamy . on another occasion , while laughing at gerry's plight with the women in his life , he comments , " being with you makes the wait for the next episode of seinfeld more bearable . " but it's not all in the dialogue . mcferran tears into this part with relish ; his performance becomes one of the most memorable aspects of a top-notch comedy . this is the first feature film for peter howitt , and he approaches the task with unimpeachable aplomb . the script is shrewd and inventive , combining wit , romance , and intelligent melodrama into a crowd-pleasing whole . sliding doors grants more than just a good time at the movies , however . for those who are so inclined , its central theme offers an opportunity to ponder some of the more philosophical questions about the workings of the universe -- all while having a good time . 
directed by bobby farrelly and peter farrelly . screenplay by mike cerrone , farrelly and farrelly . starring jim carrey , renee zellweger , chris cooper . running time : 116 minutes . rated aa for coarse language by the mfcb . reviewed on june 28th , 2000 . in a way , i have a lot in common with charlie baileygates . i consider myself , all things considered , a nice guy . i'm polite . i do favors without expectation of reward . i could count on one hand the number of times in the past five years that i've gotten really , blood-boiling , vein-in-the-neck-throbbing angry . sometimes , i'm probably a bit of a pushover . i've often wondered what would happen if , one day , i just . . . snapped . the new comedy " me , myself & irene " is devilishly entertaining wish fulfillment . charlie , played by jim carrey , is a rhode island state trooper . the film opens with a flashback to eighteen years ago , when charlie married his sweetheart layla ( traylor howard ) . on their wedding day , charlie became involved in an inadvertent fracas with shonte ( tony cox ) , a black midget limo driver who , like layla , was a card-carrying mensa member . soon , layla and shonte were having an affair , and nine months later she gave birth to triplets : three african-american baby boys . outwardly oblivious , charlie raised the kids as his own ( despite the fact that one is actually named shonte jr ! ) . fast forward to the present . charlie is rearing the boys by himself , layla having run off with shonte years earlier . his " sons " ( anthony anderson , mongo brownlee , and jerod mixon ) have grown into brilliant but foul-mouthed prodigies -- witness their hilarious , profanity-laden quantum mechanics study session . but gullible charlie has become the state joke , and one day all his pent-up rage externalises itself . . . as a split personality , hank , a gruff-talking , aggressive , no-nonsense jerk . there's more to the plot than this , of course , as charlie/hank becomes involved with irene ( renee zellweger ) , who is being hunted by corrupt new jersey cops because of her involvement with a crooked golf course owner . or something . frankly , the specifics of this whole storyline are made murkily clear at best , and really don't matter anyway . the point is just to keep charlie/hank and irene together for an extended period of time , and embroil them in a series of wacky encounters . " me , myself & irene " is a funny movie , but it is in many ways a victim of its own publicity campaign . so much of the set-up has been revealed in trailers and in print that a lot of the humor which could have arisen from the unexpected and improbable scenario has been defused by our familiarity with the material . imagine , for instance , directors bobby and peter farrelly's last picture , " there's something about mary " , if you knew chris elliott was woogie . few comedies can sustain the laughs no matter how well-acquainted we are with them ( " the philadelphia story " does it for me ; so does " mystery science theater 3000 " ) . " me , myself & irene " is no exception . there's also something of a miscalculation in the script by the farrellys and mike cerrone . hank starts off as an amusing character -- consider his revenge against a woman who skips ahead of charlie in the supermarket line-up , for example -- but then the writers seem to assume that hank as a concept is good enough . however , hank himself isn't funny ; he's grotesque , really . to work , hank needs to be doing funny things , but for much of the middle third of the film , he doesn't , and this contributes to long stretches of comparative tedium . there are also some really bizarre moments , like the late introduction of another companion for charlie and irene , the weird albino whitey ( michael bowman ) , whose inclusion seems almost an afterthought . or the inexplicable cameo appearance by tennis star anna kournikova , which seems to exist just so we can realise , " hey , that's anna kournikova ! " fortunately , things pick up heading into the home stretch , especially once charlie and hank start to coexist simultaneously . it is these scenes in particular that really give carrey a chance to shine , and he makes exhaustive use of his rubber-faced , marionette-limbed repertoire . carrey also does a good job playing charlie and hank as truly different yet fundamentally interconnected , and it's a shame his material wasn't more consistent . his interaction with the boys , for instance , is priceless , as he slips effortlessly into urban slang : " that be whack ! " zellweger is also enjoyable , and gives irene enough strength to hold up against the human onslaught that is carrey . but irene is a poor successor to cameron diaz's character in " mary " , because whereas diaz was both the instigator and victim of comic moments , zellweger is usually just left to react to carrey's antics . there has been some controversy surrounding " me , myself & irene " , and the erroneous association of the term " schizophrenic " with charlie's split personalities . although the term " schizo " is used on occasion in the film , it is never employed by someone who should know better -- instead they spit out " advanced delusionary schizophrenia with narcissistic rage " like it rolled right off the tongue . the purported " controversy " is a non-starter . indeed , i was surprised to find that the subject of multiple personalities is not just used as ammunition for jokes , but instead earns some serious consideration as well . there is a theme running throughout " me , myself & irene " that many people assume fabricated identities , be it for profit , or escape , or just to cover up a mistake . this is true not just of charlie , but also irene , whitey , the corrupt cops , even shonte the limo driver . " me , myself & irene " being the kind of movie that it is , the idea is not pursued to any great lengths , but i appreciated its inclusion nonetheless . i had great hopes for this reteaming of jim carrey and the farrelly brothers ( they first worked together on " dumb and dumber " ) , and in the final analysis i'll admit to feeling a little disappointed . " me , myself & irene " is not the best comedy for either , trying but failing to be as funny and outlandish as superior entries in their respective filmographies . but it is very entertaining all the same -- and if it doesn't appeal to the charlie in you , maybe there's a little bit of hank lurking inside that will enjoy it instead . copyright © 2000 shannon patrick sullivan . archived at the popcorn gallery , http : //www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies/memyselfandirene . html _______________________________________________________________________ / shannon patrick sullivan | " we are all in the gutter , but some of us \ | shannon@mun . ca | are looking at the stars . " - oscar wilde | \___________________________|__________________________________________/ | popcorn gallery movie reviews www . physics . mun . ca/~sps/movies . html | | doctor who : a brief history of time ( travel ) /drwho . html | 
for more reviews and movie trailers , visit http : //www . joblo . com/before you read my review , you gotta know that i love woody allen . this is a very important note because allen's films are generally an acquired taste and definitely not for everyone . i know folks who believe him to be a complete genius , while others see him as a dirty ol' schnook who keeps making the same movie over and over again . i love most of his films , but will admit to having been quite disappointed by his recent crop during the 90s . in fact , why he felt the need to make 10 movies in those 10 years is beyond me ! if you look at the quality of those films , you'll hear what i'm saying . the only two films of his that i really liked during that time were bullets over broadway and husbands and wives . in fact , i secretly hoped that he would take some " time off " at the turn of the millennium , just to re-energize or something , but it doesn't appear as though he has any intention of doing that . so here i am again , reviewing yet another woody allen movie and hoping that it brings back the woody from the days of old . plot : the year is 1940 and woody allen is a top-notch insurance investigator . his methods are very old-fashioned and apparently out of date . a new employee ( hunt ) has just been hired to streamline the operations for greater efficiency . the two do not like each other . one night , they are both put under a hypnotic trance by a magician , and unbeknownst to them , placed under his control . soon thereafter , jewels are stolen , words of love are exchanged and everyone is looking for an answer . critique : a wonderful recreation of the 1940s style movies , with the fast-talking witty banter between co-workers , a catchy jazz score moving things along , film noirish elements such as the veronica lake-type sexpot , one-liners galore and a fluffy , if inconsequential plotline . on the downside , the film actually starts off pretty slowly , with the first hour tossing only a few guffaws out there , but never really generating any kind of steady flow or energy . the sets , on the other hand , were amazing , the production design and costumes were perfect , and the casting ideal , so i kept hoping that the film would pick up and not turn into yet another mediocre outing for the man . but it wasn't not long before i was fully engaged by the characters , entertained by the many zingers delivered back-and-forth between allen and hunt , and actually interested in the resolution of the flick . i also appreciated how allen played the fine line between homage to the films of old , parody and actual reinvention ( note theron's entire female persona that is drenched in film noir- very cool ) . of course , films like this ( with little or no real tension in the plot ) need solid actors to keep you interested in the quick-fire dialogue , and once again , allen does a great job in playing his character , who for once , isn't his typical new york jewish neurotic cheating insecure husband dude . he actually plays a " macho " guy here and handles it pretty well , especially the scenes in which he's hypnotized . but the bigger surprise for me in this film was helen hunt , an actress who i was openly " sick of seeing " in movies late last year ( sorry babe , you were just in too many at the same time ! ) . anyway , she's really great in this film as the headstrong woman looking to a new era of equality amongst men , and doesn't miss a beat of allen's fast-paced dialogue . i didn't care much for her running joke about him " dying " whenever he left a room , but overall she was really good and i especially liked the way that her sweaters clung to her breasts as they did . . . yum , yum ! harumph , but i digress . so let's recap . a great looking picture with a nice jazzy score , some funny one-liners , especially in the second half , a decent plotline , although you shouldn't expect a real mystery or anything , and some solid acting all around . i can't say that this is even remotely close to any of allen's best work , but i certainly believe it to be a step in the right direction , especially after the dinky decade of films that he just went through . it's probably better geared towards allen fans more than anyone else , but i would still recommend this film to anyone looking for a cute , " old-school " kind of vibe , with chemistry between the leads , zippy dialogue and a satisfying conclusion . little known facts about this film and its stars : annie hall ( 10/10 ) - celebrity ( 5/10 ) - everyone says i love you ( 5/10 ) - husbands and wives ( 9/10 ) - mighty aphrodite ( 5/10 ) - small time crooks ( 7/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
originally titled 'don't lose your head' , this parody of the scarlet pimpernel story was the first carry on to be produced by rank film productions . two english fops , the 'powdered , be-wigged , be-ribboned' sir rodney ffing ( sidney james ) and his counterpart lord darcy pew ( jim dale ) decide to travel to revolutionary france in an attempt to rescue their fellow french royalists and aristocrats from losing their heads by the guillotine . due to a series of machinations and disguises , they are largely successful . ffing becomes known as 'the black fingernail' because he leaves a calling card behind which shows two fingers sticking up , one with a black fingernail . after the fingernail rescues a prominent royalist the duc de pommfrit ( charles hawtrey ) , citizen robespierre ( peter gilmore ) orders the head of the secret police citizen 'the big cheese' camembert ( kenneth williams ) and citizen bidet ( peter butterworth ) to follow the fingernail to england and do away with him . ( in fact , darcy and ffing are their coachmen ! ) once at calais , the fingernail meets jacqueline ( dany robin ) and they fall in love instantly . he tells her his identity and gives her his locket . when camembert realises that the fingernail is nearby , he searches the inn at calais and captures jacqueline , thinking that she is wearing a diguise and is really the fingernail ! jacqueline is imprisoned in the bastille and camembert , his love desiree dubarry ( joan sims ) , and bidet all travel to london in pursuit of the fingernail . they pretend to be of noble stock , calling themselves the duc and duchesse de la plume de ma tante ( with bidet their assistant ) and are invited by darcy to a ball held by ffing . desiree finds out that ffing is the fingernail by wearing the locket around her neck , but she ends up falling in love with him . ffing attempts to stall camembert so that he can return to the bastille to rescue jacqueline , camembert has her moved to the 'chateau neuve' , and a climactic sword-fight decides who will lose their heads at the end of the film ! a more complex story than most carry ons , this film enjoys good production values ( sets , costumes ) and an on-form cast . sid james is excellent as the english fop and black fingernail , kenneth williams excels as the evil camembert , and peter butterworth expertly plays the substantial part of camembert's thick-witted crony . other acting honours go to joan sims who is perfect as desiree and charles hawtrey who is excellent as the french aristo pommfrit . although it suffers from a disasterously over-long sword fight at the end of the film , it is largely successful due to the performances of the main stars , its slick and professional production , and its better-than-usual script . definitely one of the best of the series and a joy to watch . 
starring stephen dillane , woody harrelson , marisa tomei , mira nusevic , kerry fox , goran visnjic , emily lloyd , james nesbitt , igor dzambazov , gordana gadzic . produced by graham broadbent and damian jones . produced by graham broadbent and damian jones . script by frank cottrell boyce ( based on the book " natasha's story " by michael nicholson . directed by michael winterbottom . running time : 110 mins . rated r . ________________________________________________________________ the central focus of michael winterbottom's " welcome to sarajevo " is sarajevo itself , the city under siege , and its different effect on the characters unfortunate enough to be stuck there . it proves the backdrop for a stunningly realized story which refreshingly strays from mythic portents ( " platoon " ) , racial tumultuosness ( the risible " the walking dead " ) or a tinge of schmaltziness ( " schindler's list " ) . the two leads , stephen dillane as a reporter and emira nusevic as an orphan with a plight few can identify with , are extremely believable ; not one moment with them involved rings false . the question is not what went right . the question is what went wrong . for one , the film fails to provide a political overview of the war as it progresses ( the dillane characters reports an american plane departing from sarajevo as it departs , and that's about it . ) . the assortment of high-profile supporting actors , ranging from woody harrelson as a yankee reporter " into " liquor and cigarrettes to marisa tomei as a huggable children's aid or somesuch are incapable of rising above the sketchiness of their characters , albeit they strive . the interrupted use of authentic war footage somewhat hampers the rest of the film , it makes the fictional characters seem powerless by comparison . still , winterbottom eschews mawkishness through flashy , frantic editing and imaginative use of music . and it's a plus , because he doesn't toy with our emotions with sentimental blandness . he wants us to know that in war , no one is victorious . 
painted in the colors of rust , alejandro gonzález iñarritu's amores perros is a hard-edged epic of interconnected lives in the mean streets of mexico city . this has become a popular trend in independent films such as wonderland and the five senses , not to mention big-budget blockbusters like traffic . by blending different scenarios , there's the hope of creating a mass collage . it's not as easy to pull off as you might think -- consider the rhythm of your standard daytime soap opera . the concept of three juxtaposed narratives , at least in the " flavor of the month " sense , can be traced to quentin tarantino , as can the gunslinging desperados and pop music that have become the humdrum trademark of pulp fiction imitators . iñarritu is content to simply rehash those familiar elements . perhaps that's why so much of this academy award nominated foreign film comes off like a movie you've seen more than once , translated a espanol . despite the cinematic and structural predictability and an exhausting three hour running time , amores perros finds surprising flickers of humanity within the dead-end lives of ex-convicts , losers , young lovers on the lam , and hired gunmen . these almost-heroes are driven by an unfinished business of the heart , most notably the mysterious phantom hobo , el chivo ( emilio echevarría ) . he's a contract killer ( yes , a homeless contract killer -- it's not played for laughs ) for some elusive businessmen , but his attention is drawn away by an unexpected obituary notice that triggers memories of his long shrouded past . this sort of thing only happens in the movies , but let's cut iñarritu some slack here . el chivo lurks throughout the other two stories , but only in his exclusive section ( the final third of the film ) does the heart and soul of amores perros emerge . retribution is not seen as an easy mark , and iñarritu puts to one side the cheap violence and sadistic humor of his previous tales , replacing it with the empathetic sorrow of a distant love ballad . poetic and slighty cheeseball , but oh so sweet . it's almost too little too late . example : one of the parallel stories follows a young buck ( gael garcía bernal ) attempting to raise money to run away from home with his beloved sister-in-law ( vanessa bauche ) . he finds a financially lucrative solution in pitting the family pet in a series of blood soaked dogfights . for all its combustive energy , it's a one-note tragedy as he makes enemies of his brother and the local goon squad . things fall apart in a predictable hail of tears and bloodshed . the other subplot steals images wholesale from krzysztof kieslowski , presenting the arid relationship of a frivolous supermodel , valeria ( goya toledo ) and her boyfriend , a successful businessman ( alvaro guerrero ) . the building block poster of valeria across the street from her dream home is a direct lift from red ( in which irene jacob played a petulant model , natch ) . when she is hospitalized in a terrible car accident , the event that brings all of amores perros' characters together , it forces her to reevaluate her empty life . it'd be sad if she weren't such an annoying phony . the title , amores perros , directly translates as " love's a bitch . " meaning , life stinks . it also means , literally , that love is a female dog . that explains the constant presence of mutts throughout . el chivo is surrounded by runaway scamps , the supermodel has a pampered pooch , and the young buck has his attack dog . it sounds a little too neat - and it is , really -- but the canines provide our nasty heroes someone who they can relate to with unconditional affection . that unabashed sentiment bridges amores perros through the hyperkinetic overdrive of whiplash images , smash cuts , and the pulsating cacophony of street noises on the audio track . it's too much . in his eager passion to fill amores perros with explosive imagery , iñarritu nearly drowns his audience in visual excess . if he doesn't watch out , he'll turn into ridley scott . let's hope not . this fresh new filmmaker does make the most of his locations , finding the epitome of downbeat urban squalor ( you can almost taste the mined-in dirt ) , but he should have listened to dennis hopper's advice in tarantino's true romance : " slooooooow it down , man ! " he's got an eye for the strong visuals representative of the overcrowded , noisy , polluted excess of mexico city . now all he needs is a steady gaze . 
all great things come to an end , and the dot-com era embodies that perfectly . beneath a mound of bankruptcy paperwork lies the remains of a former dot-com darling , the company kozmo . com , an online convenience store stocked with ice cream , porn videos , and other basic necessities of a urban dweller , all hand-delivered by couriers within an hour . designed in 1997 by two college roommates -- joseph parks , a 27 year old goldman sachs banker , and yong kang - kozmo flamed out in three short years , raising more than $280 million in venture capital funding and from partnerships with such bigwigs as starbucks and amazon . com . by december 1999 , the company boasted 4 , 000 employees in 11 cities , its barking ceo park attracting all kinds of media attention . the company was set for an ipo in may 2000 . . . until april 14 , 2000 , the day the stock market took its first big dive , ending the internet era . by april 13 , 2001 , kozmo was out of money and ceased operations . unlike the earlier , similar documentary startup . com , which chronicled the rise and fall of another dot-com , govworks , e-dreams focuses both on its original founders , especially park , and on the common folks that ran the day-to-day operations . the contrast is amazing , showing how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea is the next big thing . the film's director , wonsuk chin ( too tired to die ) , expertly juxtaposes upper management company meetings with on-the-spot interviews with the bike messengers , general managers , and floor staff that kept kozmo humming . the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . the most satisfying part of the film comes in understanding , to a degree , the expectations of numerous ceos commanding these titanic-type businesses . in the film's final interviews with park , we learn what happens when the money dries up and backers don't return phone calls . in the end , the name of the game was profit , and if you couldn't make money , even the dreamers got the axe . screened at the 24th annual mill valley film festival . 
as i write the review for the new hanks/ryan romantic comedy you've got mail , i am acutely aware that i am typing it on a computer and sending it a billion miles away on the internet . i am also aware that i have just spent the last 2 hours watching the world's biggest paid commercial for america online . and i wonder : is that so bad ? well , the commercial part is . as for the movie , well , as long as i can watch tom hanks and meg ryan , i think i'll be okay . to paraphrase james berardinelli , whose reviews i admire very much , tom hanks and meg ryan can act . they are both wonderful , but for all of hanks' glorious work in serious films , such as his magnificent performance in saving private ryan , and his glorious triumph in philadelphia , i like him best when he's suitably obnoxious . tom hanks is wonderful when he is obnoxious in a romantic comedy when he's going to get the girl : the only question is how ? meg ryan , america's high school sweetheart , can act . she's had a handful of memorable performances , including the great scene in the diner in when harry met sally ( i must not mention what she does , due to the , well , um , you get the idea , and if you don't , get the movie-- fantastic ) . but , i like her best when she's , well , perky . she is so adorably perky/cute that together with hanks , they are the most amazing onscreen duo in my short lifetime . some people have them going back to really old classic romantic couples , but i don't really know . all i know is that i just like them both . they have such wonderfully kinetic chemistry that's really hard to resist , and i'm not going to even try . they're just really , really cute , sweet , and charming . hanks and ryan collaborate once again with nora ephron , who directed them in the megahit sleepless in seattle . here , the setup is a little different . kathleen kelly ( ryan ) owns a small children's bookstore which her mother founded 42 years ago and passed down to her . she is successful , beautiful , and dates a well-known columnist with very radical idea ( kinnear ) . she is also having an affair , of sorts . you see , kathleen , with the handle shopgirl , is secretly emailing ny152 . they have a strictly un-detailed relationship : there are no specifics , and they have no idea who each other is . ny152 happens to be joe fox ( hanks ) , a multimillionaire bookseller who is the heir to the fortune of the fox chain of mega-bookstores , run by his father ( coleman ) . fox books has decided to open a store on the west side , right across from a little children's bookseller named " shop around the corner " , run by a perky girl named kathleen kelly . every morning , these two email each other silly , and every day , they fight " to the death ! ! " . it's a charming premise , and one that works nicely , balancing the immense troubles kathleen is in with the romance she wants to have . it also has the great sense of being a classic romance : there is no " let's have sex tonight " mantra , if you'll excuse my bluntness . this is a solid romance built around that vague concept of love . hmm . well , the movie goes through twists and turns , having some sad moments and happy ones , until at one moment tom hanks and meg ryan " hook up " , to use modern terminology , and kiss their way into happiness . you know it's going to happen , the question is now ? thankfully , ephron has a wonderful supporting cast with posey , kinnear , chappelle , and a host of others , including a great scene involving brothers , aunts , and two sweet kids . it's all cute and wonderful , and for all of the idealism , it makes me feel good . hanks is as obnoxious as ever on the outside and as warm on the inside as he always is . he is , i believe , america's greatest actor . does he show it here ? nah . but he's still tom hanks , and she's still meg ryan . which is what this movie boils down to . it's pure confection . all the bits about the godfather , the jokes , the superb script , it's all really sweet . there are some immense flaws , like pacing . the last third of the movie really doesn't work as well as i would have liked , and for a romantic comedy , it's slow . once hanks knows the secret , it gets really slow . i even looked at my watch a couple times , to make sure ephron was going to deliver the big onscreen kiss i was waiting for , so that i could get home at a reasonable hour . the other problem is that this movie is shaping up to be really dated . e-mail ? when my kids are my age , i don't know what we'll be using . but hanks can do more with one eyeroll than anybody , and meg ryan just loves to dive into a pillow better than anyone in movie history . they just work together , and it's nice to see . it gives you , well , a smile . the script helps with some great lines that are absolutely hilarious , and that always come at the exact right time to keep the audience awake . i was arguing with my father on the drive back home on what the purpose of movies was . i've always believed that movies are very powerful , very powerful indeed . you see , mankind has three abilities he needs to survive : the ability to think , entertain , and procreate . movies can definitely do the first two , and as for the third , well , i'd rather not think about that . i always thought films that made you think enlightened you and made you see something from another viewpoint , and that films that entertained you were good , because you forgot about your troubles and thought about something nice for a night . and i was thinking about how incredible a year tom hanks has had . hanks was the driving force behind one of the year's best films in saving private ryan , which is one of those thinking films that truly made someone wonder about the world . he's also half of the glue behind the year's best example of pure entertainment . tom hanks and meg ryan are magical , as is this movie . it's a sweet , lovely affair with a technology twist . it may be a long commercial , but it gave me a pretty big smile on my face . 
abortion is a hot political topic no matter which side of the fence someone is on . those that lobby for and against a patient's right to choose concentrate on the pregnant women who walk into clinics . but what about those who perform the actual procedures ? how are their lives affected ? on hostile ground takes a closer look at the lives of three doctors who provide abortions in montana , alabama , and upstate new york . they vary in background but have one thing in common : they are picketed and persecuted by their community for the services they perform . after seven abortionist killings ( and many more injured ) , shockwaves have shuddered through this decreasing sect of the medical community . this documentary puts a human face on an issue rife with extremes , and from an angle seldom considered . the focus shifts from doctor to archival news footage to what members of the community have to say . unfortunately , this exact cycle repeats monotonously throughout the 73 minutes . news footage of violence becomes repetitive , especially when it is related to the same case . every now and then these dragging stretches of scenes are punctuated by statistics on a black screen or shots of protesters in front of clinics . admirably , while the documentary is staunchly pro-choice , this is captured through the movie's subjects instead of heavy-handed photography . because the doctors talk directly to the camera and not to a narrator , connection is a little easier with the audience , no matter the stance . the statistics that are utilized aren't trying to prove or disprove the right to choose . the number of women who have abortions in any given year isn't important to the argument . the numbers concentrate solely on the number of professionals in the field of abortionism and those that have suffered due to their profession . unfortunately , though the doctors profiled have compelling personalities and views , to hear them say that a woman should have the right to choose several times during any given 10 minute span tries anyone's attention , whether you agree or not . there is also a great deal of extraneous footage that isn't quite captivating enough to sustain focus . this may be due to the filmmakers having more interesting discussions than visuals to work with . surprisingly , there is only a brief mention the shooting of dr . gunn in florida , though the entire basis of the film is how these doctors are in danger . dr . gunn was one of the first abortionist victims to make national news . his death occurred well before the shooting of dr . slepian , of whom so much is heard during the course of on hostile ground . on the other hand , on hostile ground provides a complete , and fairly objective , portrait of the communities these doctors serve . the christians that picket the offices but don't get violent are not judged for their convictions , either by the filmmakers or the doctors' staffs . patients' opinions are juxtaposed against other local residents , staff who work with clients , and families of the professionals . a viewer can get the feel of what it's like to live in that town , without political ideas thrown in your face . the documentary seeks , and succeeds , in putting a human face on the medical practitioners providing health services to those who choose to have an abortion . it edges on preaching -- wondering if the extremists that shoot such people are any better than those they harm -- but considering the severity of violence , this is easily excused . it could have been shorter , but the lives of these doctors are intriguing enough to warrant a document of their stories . 
by now i figured i'd seen every alfred hitchcock film at least a half-dozen times -- not that i'm complaining . to call him the " master of suspense " is an understatement . the paradine case ( 1947 ) , admittedly one of hitchcock's lesser movies , turned out to be one i'd missed . this one , like all hitchcock films , is well worth savoring . the story opens with the rich mrs . maddalena anna paradine being arrested in her home for poisoning her blind husband . as mrs . paradine , alida valli plays an aloof but alluring woman of the world . to franz waxman's stark and moody music , we see the prison guards divesting her of her luxurious garments and jewels . stripped of her fine raiment , she becomes a commoner again , which , as it turns out , was what she was before she met her husband . " a brief skirmish , and you'll be lunching at the savoy again , " anthony keane , her ultraconfident attorney tells her in their first meeting , predicting a fast and easy trial . gregory peck plays the successful and debonair barrister . " she's no murderess , " he argues simplistically , smitten by her beauty . " she's too fine a woman . " his attitude upsets his beautiful and increasing jealous wife , gay ( ann todd ) . unlike most hitchcock movies , which are centered on the thriller and the mystery , this one is more a romantic melodrama . typical is the scene in which gay flings her head back and shakes her hair while bathed in light . she deflects her husband's affections as she fears that he is beginning to fall in love with his client . the dramatic music then comes up high as the camera dwells on mrs . paradine's portrait nearby . in the relatively unsatisfying first half , little happens other than domestic squabbles and overtones of intense adulterous desires . to the sound of sweeping violins gay tells anthony that he must get mrs . paradine acquitted because , if mrs . paradine dies , his heart will go with her . if she is freed , he will be able to forget her . as part of the soap opera , a mysterious louis jordan plays mr . paradine's valet , who has had some not to be discussed relationships . charles coburn plays anthony's legal partner , sir simon flaquer . and charles laughton , who looks like coburn , is judge lord horfield . this being proper british society , they will all dine together at the judge's house not long before the case begins . court tv junkies will probably pick up the many differences , some subtle and others not , between the american and the british judicial systems . one , for example , of which i was not aware is that the barrister cannot speak to his own client during the recess if she is the process of testifying . one sometimes wonders what the academy is thinking when they make their oscar nominations . as the judge's wife , lady sophie horfield , ethel barrymore got a nomination for best supporting actress -- the film's only nomination -- for an inconsequential part with which she did little of merit . ( so the big question is when does hitchcock make his obligatory walk-on ? at 37 minutes into the film , he leaves a train station carrying a large musical instrument case . don't miss it . ) in the second half the story finally comes alive when it gets into the courtroom . the great master shows his hand there as the tensions build as rapidly in the second part as they lay fallow in the first . watch how the camera angles are sometimes from the back and other times from way on high to set the exact tone for the trial's action . as anthony explains it , the simple case has only 3 possibilities : mr . paradine poisoned himself , mrs . paradine did it , or the valet did it . the end includes many devastating revelations and some nice twists so it is too bad the first half is so languid . the paradine case runs 1 : 53 . the picture is in black and white . it is not rated but would be pg for mature themes and would be fine for kids around nine and up if they are interested . 
 cast : craig warnock ( kevin ) , david rappaport ( randall ) , kenny baker ( fidgit ) , malcolm dixon ( strutter ) , mike edmonds ( og ) , jack purvis ( wally ) , tiny ross ( vermin ) , john cleese ( robin hood ) , sean connery ( king agamemnon ) , ian holm ( napoleon ) , ralph richardson ( supreme being ) , david warner ( evil genius ) director : terry gilliam certification : pg ( usa ) for mild violence year of production : 1980 time bandits , from director terry gilliam , is a very different fantasy action/adventure movie about a group of time-traveling dwarves , led by randall ( david rappaport ) , who have stolen a map of the universe . this map contains time hole , that , if exploited , enable the men to travel back and forth through time . the supreme being of the universe ( ralph richardson ) is the former employer of these treasure-seeking bandits , and he wishes desperately to regain the map . . during the travels , he appears as a ghostly face , demanding that they return the map that they have stolen . but , according to randall , they are just " borrowing " it . kevin , a young boy who seems quite bored with his life , is unexpectedly brought into the schemes of the little men when they appear in his room , which has a portal for time traveling . he joins up with the men and becomes part of their gang , following them on their robberies . their first victim is napoleon ( ian holm ) , whom they rob during a battle that he is commanding . from here , the group travels to the middle ages , meeting up with robin hood himself . eventually , kevin is separated from the group and travels to an egyptian time where he is taken in by king agamemnon , played by sean connery . kevin accidentally saved the king's life , and the king wishes to have kevin as his son . but the group of bandits find kevin and transport onto the deck of the titanic . meanwhile , the evil genius ( david warner ) is watching the group from fortress of ultimate darkness , attempting to find a way in order to bring the men , and the map , to him . when randall learns of the fortress of ultimate darkness , which supposedly contains " the most fabulous object in the world " , the dollar signs seemingly appear on his eyes , as he is convinced that they must travel there . once inside the fortress of ultimate darkness , it is unclear as to if any of the men will make it out alive . time bandits is a fantastically made film that caters to the imagination of anyone . with a terrific soundtrack , courtesy of george harrison , whom also was an executive producer , time bandits is sure to be a very surrealistic , time-traveling adventure with unforgettable characters that is sure to entertain anyone . terry gilliam , however , does not utilize that greatly his trademark ability in moviemaking during this film , although this does not affect the film that greatly . and finally , if you liked labyrinth , you'll love time bandits .  * david landers - dml@gwis . com - http : //www . gwis . com/~dml/ *  
the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy featuring four loveable characters who just happen to be slightly insane . billy , played by michael keaton , is an extremely temperamental mental ward patient whose short fuse and violent tantrums tend to get him in trouble . christopher lloyd portrays henry , an obsessive-compulsive who requires that everything be neat , orderly , on schedule , and by the books . he thinks he's a doctor so he walks around wearing a suit and carrying a clipboard on which he constantly scribbles notes and files reports . jack , played by peter boyle , thinks he's jesus . and finally , there's stephen furst as albert , a chubby catatonic who speaks only in baseball and television phrases . the dream team follows the misadventures that beset the four-some when their psychiatrist , dr . weitzman , takes them out of the hospital for a field trip to yankee stadium . during a pit stop , they get separated from weitzman and are left to fend for themselves in manhattan . the movie's charm derives mostly from the camaraderie and chemistry between its delightful cast . the four leads in the film play off each other quite effectively ; they never miss an opportunity to argue , bicker , or insult one another . henry and jack , for example , fight over who's going to get to ride in the front passenger seat on the way to the game . the actors in the dream team have a lot of fun with their characters and with each other . michael keaton is well cast as billy ; he gives his cynical character considerable complexity . as the divinely jack , peter boyle succeeds in keeping his one-dimensional character funny and fresh . although stephen furst's catatonic character is cliched , the actor makes him sympathetic and endearing . while keaton , boyle , and furst are good , it's christopher lloyd who really makes the movie special . lloyd gives yet another outstanding comic performance . his body language ( for example , the way he walks ) and his facial expressions are perfectly suited to his compulsive character . lloyd's brilliant performance yields a pathetic , moving , and memorable character . the dream team is a solid comedy with more depth and drama than you might expect from its simple premise . the characters are so appealing that you can excuse the film for its often outlandish and unbelievable plot . 
rated r for violence and gore , and for language . starring : bill pullman , oliver platt , bridget fonda . 'lake placid' is definately not your typical creature attacking people movie , ok so maybe it is , but this one is enjoyable , and clever . actually it comes off more of a comedy than a horror film . well the ending is kinda scary , but in most horror/comedies they are . i will admit that 'lake placid' isn't an oscar worthy film , but it does come off as an inventive movie that is original and funny . bridget fonda plays a palentologist who after finding out her boyfriend is cheating , is forced to go to lake placid and investigate a tooth , after a man is bit in half . she gets there but really doesn't understand why she is there . bill pullman plays a man also investigating what happened , along with the sherriff and a rich croc obsessed man , they go out and find what is going on . what they find though isn't great . a huge and i mean huge crocodile is living in lake placid , over 150 years old , he has migrated here for who knows why . they have to fight against the croc and try to trap him so they can study him and see where he came from . betty white plays a woman who lives on the shores of lake placid , and well you'll have to see the movie to find out . her character is very funny and foul-mouthed , which is surprising to hear betty spew words and phrases that are pretty bad , but funny . to me the movie came off as a spoof of jaws . with the opening sequence , and some others , it is not original and is . when you watch this movie , you definately notice the smartness and cleverness of it . david e . kelly who is the mastermind of the practice and ally mcbeal , writes this movie with ease and surprisingly does a great job . the characters have smartmouths , two foul , and some great one-liners . but believe me , don't take 'lake placid' too seriously or you won't like it . but it is a movie that can be enjoyed as a fun 'popcorn' type movie . but i guess it rates above the 'popcorn' rating . sit back , watch the movie , laugh , scream , and whatever you want . even though the movie is r , and i put violence and gore . there's really not that much gore , but what there is might seem kinda gross to some . 'lake placid' is a smart , clever , funny , and scary movie that i enjoyed and i think you will too . reviewed : july 21 , 1999 . brandon herring movie review heaven ( http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
charlie sheen stars as zane , a radio astronomer who listens for sounds from other lifeforms . when he finally gets one , his boss destroys the tape and fires him . naturally , zane is not ready to give up , and he comes up with an ingenious way to do this himself . he is aided by a young neighborhood kid and they discover that the sound is coming from mexico . so zane goes down there to investigate , and runs into a lady studying why the temperature of the earth has dangerously risen so suddenly . zane is having marital problems at the time , and an offer by her to spend the night with him is very tempting . hearing charlie sheen deliver the line , " i guess there is something to be said for celibacy " is the funniest thing i have ever heard in a movie since matthew broderick discussed asexual reproduction in wargames . this is just the setup , and i don't want to give too much away , because a large part of the movies fun is the surprises . charlie sheen , who has had a rocky career as of late , is in top form here . he is funny , serious , and determined to accomplish his goal . sheen's absolutely terrific performance is another big plus to this movie . the story is ingeniously devised by twohy , who also wrote and directed the equally clever cable movie grand tour : disaster in time . the films major flaw is a very slow pace , and not much happens in the earlygoings . viewers may be growing restless for a while , but trust me if you stick around and keep your head in it , you will have a good time . 
a thriller set in modern day seattle , that marked marky mark's migration from the " good vibrations " and " calvin klein undie ad " guy , to mark wahlberg , thespian-at-large , and a mighty good one at that . plot : boy ( wahlberg ) meets girl ( witherspoon ) . boy likes girl . girl likes boy . boy and girl begin dating . parents of girl aren't crazy about the boy . girl steps to boy's defense . family problems occur . girl learns more about the boy . boy goes nuts . fun ensues . critique : ever wonder what would happen if your better half turned out to be someone other than the person that you had come to cherish and love ? well , if you ever have , then this film is definitely for you . it isn't the most original premise in the world , but it is handled pretty well here , and pretty quickly for that matter ( a speedy 90 minutes ) . i think one of the main reasons this film worked for me is the groundbreaking performance by mark wahlberg ( of boogie nights infamy ( 7 . 5/10 ) . he completely captured all the goodness , and badness , of the main character of this film , and always kept me wanting to see more and more of him ( his performance scored him a solid nomination from his core target audience , as " best villain " at the 1997 mtv movie awards ) . the soundtrack is also very effective in this setting , and of course , the slutty performance by alyssa milano is something we could all indulge in ( look for the nice bikini and butt shots . . . if you're into that kind of thing , that is : ) . i didn't much care for the father/david relationship which seemed to be a little too contrived , but for the most part , i was really into this movie . then again , daddy dearest did have one of the coolest lines in the movie when his wife is asking him what the " big deal " was about his daughter dating david . his reply : " the big deal is that the guy gives me the creeps , and the girl is my daughter . " 
moon over parador ( 1988 ) 1/4 . produced and directed by paul mazursky . written by leon capetanos and mazursky , from a story by charles g . booth . photography , donald mcalpine . editing , stuart pappe . production design , pato guzman . music , maurice jarre . cast : richard dreyfuss , raul julia , sonia braga , jonathan winters , fernando rey , sammy davis , jr . , michael greene , polly holliday , charo , marianne sagebrecht , carlotta gerson ( paul mazursky ) , lorin dreyfuss . a universal release . 105 minutes . pg-13 . perhaps the first movie i remember in which a double takes the place of a bad leader and does good things for his people was the prisoner of zenda . since then there have been many such substitutions on the screen . that's what moon over parador does too . it's not the most original of ideas , but then the film makes no bones about the fact that it keeps dippily dipping into the past , putting old wines into not-so-new bottles . sometimes it even shouts this , sometimes it's a passing mention , sometimes it leaves the recognition entirely up to the public . mop is remarkably low-key , even quiet , given its context . although it's a farce , it does not suffer from the frantic tempo or actors' hysterics and raucousness than can spoil many a comedy , not to mention farces . the plot is blessedly straightforward and unpretentious . an american movie crew has just wrapped up shooting in parador city , the capital of a latin american banana dictatorship ( parador means " inn " in spanish ) . one of the cast is jack noah ( richard dreyfuss ) . his first allegiance is to the new york stage . he is very much the new york thespian . bizarre american retiree jonathan winters talks him into staying around for the carnival . jack looks a great deal like simms , the country's military dictator . he also does a good imitation of him . boozer-wencher simms , has a heart attack in his limousine , where he dies in the arms of roberto strausmann ( raul julia ) , head of the secret police and the regime's grey eminence . strausmann , who is in cahoots with the " 14 families " that oppress the people , fears that too sudden an announcement of the leader's demise could result in chaos and revolution . he makes jack one of those offers one cannot refuse : to impersonate simms . jack is nimble , jack is quick , and before you can say jack robinson , the impostor has made himself up like simms and is fooling everybody . well , almost everyone . the members of simms' household are not taken in , but they too have a stake in keeping up the masquerade . not only playing , but being simms becomes the part of jack's life . he thrives in it , even embellishes it . when sonia braga , as madonna ( sic ) , the late dictator's numero uno mistress , transfers her affections to the impersonator , no work and all play make jack a bright boy . he stays on and on , makes gradual changes in the land , replaces the national anthem's melody ( o tannenbaum ) with that of besa me mucho ; leads " his " people in tv weight-loss exercises ; takes other drastic measures to help the poor before staging cannily his return to new york . ( although the movie is set in parador , new york is very much present , as a framing device and with its theatre as jack's standard by which everything is evaluated . all this is cleverly done , with good insights ) . to expect substance , deep intentions or ideas in this movie is to be looking for something quite different from what mazursky and capetanos had in mind . the filmmakers are interested only in gentle farce , not in three-dimensionality . moon is far closer to the marx brothers' anarchic nonsense ( and woody allen's bananas ) than to frank capra 's constructive comedies . the focal point is not the story , but the one-man show by dreyfuss , and its comical trimmings . dreyfuss is as amazingly good as he has been in the last many years . on the face of it , jack is the picture's most outlandish type , yet in some ways he is the most credible , since he doesn't let you forget that first and last he is an actor submerged in his craft , insecure , avid for pats on the back and reassuring applause . he joins the roster of other movie impersonators , especially people like jack benny and mel brooks who , in the two versions of to be or not to be ham it up because their models are already hams . director mazursky himself is in the movie , as simms' mother , a la charley's aunt . but there's a difference : as soon as dreyfuss assumes the role of simms , he becomes entirely confident , simultaneously laid-back , self-mocking and eager . it's much harder to do than it sounds , or for that matter , than it looks . ask any non-envious professional . mop creates no characters and does not intend to . most of its people remain in the background , save for raul julia who delivers an amusingly mock-sinister performance--but even he is there primarily to propel dreyfuss along . sonia braga is no more than cake-frosting . jonathan winters does some excellent small shticks which deride the u . s . presence in latin america , something that is also implied by the anglo-saxon name of dictator simms . but , again , forget about the political satire : what we have is caricature used for the needs of the story , carrying no weight of its own . it is rich in comic inventions and fresh bits of business . it is also a compendium of in-jokes and in-references to current events and older movies . like the french new wave filmmakers who influenced him enormously , mazursky throws in with abandon a cornucopia of allusions . the very title of the film parodies the 1941 betty grable vehicle moon over miami , a semi-musical with switched identities . there's ironic-nostalgic use of the flashback structure of so many 1940s movies , as moo opens with jack back in new york recounting his parador adventure . the name of paraguay's then-dictator general stroessner becomes straussmann ( raul julia ) , which additionally stresses the germans or nazis in latin america . " round up the usual suspects , " the famous line from casablanca is used . there's a starry-eyed comparison of that movie's finale with moon's . the sets imitate indirectly the technicolor exotic-resort movies of mazursky's youth . and much more . this comedy is so determinedly a fantasy that i doubt it could offend hispanic sensibilities . oddly , the peak of its planned illogicality is not immediately apparent . you may get distracted by the broad shenanigans and forget that dreyfuss-simms speaks spanish-accented english throughout , when , even by the elastic norms of farce , he should be speaking spanish . you can't get more unrealistic than this . there's a very funny morsel where jack , about to board a helicopter , gestures to the reporters in the patented smiling , helpless " i can't hear over this din " way of ronald reagan . the public got this one when the movie came out , but how many new generations will catch on later ? it will be as in many of the other gags , which , back in 1988 , were there for older memories . how many people knew then or know now " besame mucho , " the songs from " the man of la mancha , " the fact that " tannenbaum " is a teutonic song ? paul mazursky , who was 58 when the film was released , may have overestimated the potential complicity of his public . then again , he might have relying on the younger audience's satisfaction with the general outline of the movie , and on the older people's enhanced comprehension . it's a risky strategy which bespeaks more of mazursky as a nostalgic film-buff than as a calculating businessman . at 105 minutes , mop could just be a tad too long for those who don't get immersed in the spirit of its details , which , in their eyes , can make the film falter and some jokes strain a bit in its latter parts . for myyself and other spectators the diffusion is an asset . ( my own small objection is the gratuitous intrusion of sammy davis , jr . whose singing is not exactly a joy ) . yet even unpruned , this is still a splendidly entertaining movie-movie . it is a bright moon . it was shot entirely in brazil . production values are high . maurice jarre's score is agreeable , though some moments sounded to me like a paraphrase of the delerue music in jules and jim . parador looks lovely . between its tourist beauties at poolside and the promiscuous locals it would be a great place for social diseases . " le mauvais gout mene au crime " ( stendhal ) edwin jahiel's movie reviews are at http : //www . prairienet . org/ejahiel 
paramount , mtv films , rated r ( some sexuality and related dialogue , some graphic language ) , 105 minutes . reese witherspoon , matthew broderick , chris klein . screenplay by alexander payne and jim taylor . directed by alexander payne . ( note : there are spoilers regarding the film's climax ; the election , of course ) we see matthew broderick , a man torn to a primal state ; he's been unfaithful to his wife , lied to and manipulated his students , and by the same token they've demeaned his masculinity , his self-respect , his desperate attempt at changing the world . and yet , he equates the cause of his pain , his torment , with tracy flick ( reese witherspoon ) . no matter how many students have come and gone , and disappointed him as an educator , she's the real threat . about to give in , and divulge that she's won by only a lone vote , broderick's mccalister turns in defeat , sees tracy's euphoric celebration in the outside corridor and says , 'no' . the fact that he simultaneously lusts after her ideologically further illustrates that freudian foundation of entitlement which all men , no matter how obscure , have in their relationships ; a traditional expectation of success , to usurp and surpass women as a proverbial industry . she can't go higher than him . he won't allow it . and what's amazing about " election " is that every word of that criticism is drawn from a rather opaque metaphor . early in the film we learn that tracy was romantically , and then sexually , involved with a now departed teacher . it's like payne and taylor , his co-screenwriter , have taken tracy , a girl desperate for friendship , loyalty , and almost perversely drawn the mythological pattern of kids who were so utterly rejected by their peers , that they found sitting at the teachers' lunch table more fitting , to an unlikely extreme with her as the protagonist . and it's amazing the compassion that we have ; it seems so real to us , and not merely because it's happened before , splashed all over the front pages , but , because of the all around " nice " persona of these people , we easily dismiss the truly wayward deeds of the characters . it's with mandy barnett's " if you'll be the teacher " playing winsomely over the closing credits that payne skewers the tenets of his detractors most ; a final , viscous injection of bittersweet irony . sexuality , though , is not the only basis for payne's satire , or its success . it also makes a telling point about politics , friendship , and class boundaries . satire is required ( or ought to be , anyway ) to take itself seriously , or act so , while the audience does not . it's a fine line to straddle , but some films ignore it altogether ( " drop dead gorgeous " leaps infuriatingly to mind ) . payne and taylor hit the right chord ; their characters are real people : neither is perfect , but rather both of the leads are flawed , misguided individuals who retain , somewhat , noble intentions at heart . we sympathize with them , but still , as a satire , their idiosyncratic behavior , and their wrongdoing , is taken to an extreme for the audience to knowingly chuckle , but also reflect and meditate , about . minus half a point , though , for payne admitting not to having seen " ferris bueller's day off " . whatever . 
rated pg-13 starring kevin kline , michelle pfeiffer , rupert everett , stanley tucci , calista flockhart , anna friel , christian bale , dominic west , david strathairn , sophie marceau based on the play by william shakespeare written and directed by michael hoffman there really is no need for me to mention it , but shakespeare is hotter than ever . shakespeare in love won best picture , and more than a few teen movies are using the bard as inspiration . we knew it wouldn't be long before we had another period piece shakespeare adaptation . the film is michael hoffman's rich , opulent adaptation of william shakespeare's a midsummer night's dream . this version of a midsummer night's dream moves the setting to italy towards the end of the 19th century . it is the story of one night when all sorts of unexpected twists occur involving a few couples falling in and out of love . demetrius ( christian bale ) , is set to be wed to hermia ( anna friel ) , who actually is in love with lysander ( dominic west ) . since hermia doesn't want to be forced into unwanted wedlock , she runs away into the forest with lysander . but that is not before they tell helena ( calista flockhart ) , who is starved for demetrius' affection , of their plans . helena then tells demetrius of their flight , and he rushes into the forest , followed by helena . it is there that all four of them encounter puck ( stanley tucci ) , a fairy who administers a love potion that will make a person fall in love with the next person he sees . puck also works his magic on the fairy queen ( michelle pfeiffer ) , who falls in love with an actor ( kevin kline ) who is turned into a donkey , while the fairy king ( rupert everett ) makes some observations of his own . michael hoffman ( one fine day , restoration ) works wonders with a superb ensemble cast ; the standouts being pfeiffer , kline , and calista flockhart , who takes a step away from " ally mcbeal " . the film is shot wondrously on location by oliver stapleton ( the grifters , one fine day ) , who makes the play seem anything but stagy . a midsummer night's dream is a fine film , but if there is a problem to be mentioned , it is the film's length . at 115 minutes , the movie is too long to just be taken as a light comedy , and there isn't much in the way of drama to hold a viewer's attention . although i am unfamiliar with the play , there doesn't seem to be much original work added to this production , despite the change in location . but all in all , a midsummer night's dream is a funny , lush tribute to the bard's greatness . . . and newfound popularity . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
apollo 13 is simply one of the most dramatic film this summer ( apart from swashbuckling braveheart ) . director ( and former actor ) ron howard ( splash , backdraft , far & away ) , most noted for his dramatic film making , displays again his brilliance in creating drama and suspense in apollo 13 . being the second largest box office hit in the us this summer ( with more than us$150 million in the states alone ) , this film is his most successful effort yet . perhaps one of the most appealing feature of this film is the pool of talented actors such as tom hanks ( gump himself ) , kevin bacon ( footloose , tremors , a few good men etc . ) , gary sinise ( forrest gump ) , bill paxton ( aliens , true lies , boxing helena ) and ed harris ( the abyss , just cause ) . . all of whom gave good performances in their respective roles . apollo 13 was the second worst accident ever to occur in the history of us spaceflight ( the worst being the challenger accident ) . jim lovell ( hanks ) , the mission commander , together with his crew , fred haise ( paxton ) and last minute replacement tom swigert ( bacon ) are put to the ultimate test when part of their command module explodes on the third day of the mission , more than three quarters way to the moon . suspense and drama ensue as the three men are left in space with their spaceship out of control and the problem of surviving the journey home . . . if they ever reach it . ed harris and gary sinise who play , respectively , the man in charge of the entire mission control and the astronaut who was supposed to fly but was diagnosed with measles , both delve into their roles superbly . audiences are shown the chaotic and worrisome state of the entire ground control crew , as they frantically attempt to come up with ideas on how to save the astronauts from hurtling into space . also , there are quite a number of real news footages which were broadcast during the accident which took the entire us nation into 5 days of drama in 1970 . the special effects by digital domain are up to standard and the music suits the suspense and drama very well , thanks to film-music maestro james horner . watch out for the launching sequence , it is simply one of the most breathtaking scenes of the film . a bad point though : apollo 13 features much technical jargon and many physics concepts in its script . those who consider themselves `scientifically illiterate' might have a slight problem understanding what caused this and what caused that during the course of the show . this is however , just a minor point , just forget all those technical bullshit and immerse yourselves into the drama and suspense throughout the film . you should enjoy it . 
rated r starring jennifer jason leigh , jude law , willem dafoe , ian holm , don mckellar , callum keith rennie , sarah polley , christopher eccleston , willem dafoe written and directed by david cronenberg i find it a bit ironic that while the matrix is racking in huge numbers at the box office , david cronenberg's similar , astonishing existenz can't even crack the top 10 . but even if existenz disappears into obscurity , it is not a film that i will easily forget . to give away too much of existenz' plot would be a sin , but i will provide for you the initial setup . jennifer jason leigh makes her big screen return , after a 2-year hiatus ( does anyone remember a thousand acres ? i didn't think so ) , as allegra geller , who , sometime in the near future , is the world's most distinguished virtual reality game designer . a group of people have been gathered into a room to test her newest adventure , called existenz . the meeting turns into chaos , and allegra is forced to flee with her bodyguard ( jude law ) . the game of existenz is not the normal virtual reality game that you would find in stores today . in existenz , you are living the game , and at times your mind begins to lose grasp on the difference between the game and reality . the matrix made a similar point in a more complicated way , that sometimes the lines of reality are blurred . existenz ends up playing like an indie version of the matrix that spends more time on smarts than on violence . while existenz is not as showy as the matrix , its ending is much more thought-provoking . 1999 is turning out to be the year that sci/fi makes its big return . i am definitely not a sci/fi buff , but with existenz and the matrix being released even before the new star wars , this year looks to be the year of science-fiction . existenz not only marks the return of jennifer jason leigh , but it is also the first film that david cronenberg has made since 1996's erotic car crash thriller ( ? ) crash . the canadian filmmaker is known for his unique visual sense , and his ability to create new worlds . existenz is one of his very best films . also , ian holm and sarah polley ( both of the sweet hereafter ) have small roles , proving that when you put those two in a movie together , good things happen . existenz is not a perfect film , but it will be remembered by me as one of the year's best . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
the most amazing thing about paul cox's innocence is how unlike a movie it is . i mean that as the highest compliment . if most studios were to profile an elderly couple who rekindle a 40-year-old romance , i'd want to run and hide . the sex scenes would be handled as a farce , producers would shed 20 years off the characters' ages ( so susan sarandon and harrison ford could star ) and true love would shine through any obstacle without explanation and consequence . along with a charming romantic story , the australian/belgian innocence shows how an increasing sense of mortality combined with revisiting the past while being entrenched in the present can make something that seems so right seem downright questionable . the romance gets started when former musician andreas ( charles " bud " tingwell ) , learns that his true love , claire ( julia blake ) , lives nearby . they decide to catch up on old times , but soon find themselves in a reinvigorating affair . complicating matters is andreas' frail health , and claire's longtime husband ( terry norris ) , who can't understand why he's suddenly become obsolete . in my mind , the movie is less about the relationship between andreas and claire , than the feelings of everyone involved . john , claire's husband , endlessly questions what he did wrong . claire initially insists she's a grown-up , but admittedly behaves like a child , a prospect that thrills and disappoints her . andreas , an agnostic , begins to question his fate , a message cox delivers in a memorable dream sequence . cox litters the movie with flashbacks , including the repeated vision of a roaring train . it's a reminder of andreas and claire's past love ( as young lovers , they met by train ) , but as it recurs , we get the feeling that the past and the present have clashed . a pall is cast on the whole affair . a master of the understated , cox strings together a series of memorable moments . in andreas' dream sequence , amidst the roar of the train and conversations , we get the whole picture of andreas and claire's love . we also get glimpses into john and claire's relationship . during a silent candlelit dinner shortly afterward , claire admits to john about her indiscretion , telling more than any monologue could . all that's heard is the scraping of forks against plates . the characters are unlike anything i've seen -- they're people . so many times , movies and especially television portray senior citizens as gratingly spunky . or they're reduced to comedic buffoons . ordinary people with a pile of emotions , claire and andreas aren't sure what the next step is . they do want to be happy , which consists of an entirely different set of conditions than what they've known throughout their adult lives . bravo to cox , who wrote the script , for not making john a monster , so that claire's affair is automatically justified . norris is so effective as john that he makes andreas and claire's love difficult to accept . we feel for him . he's a decent man . sure , he may have become complacent , but he never expected this , especially now . with so much presented to the audience , it's only expected that the material gets a little drawn out and repetitive , which it does . however , in bringing up tough questions and not offering easy answers , cox displays a skill and élan isn't likely to be surpassed by anyone anytime soon . 
virus ( 1999 ) a film review by justin felix . copyright 1999 justin felix . this review also appears in the shrubbery at http : //www . theshrubbery . prohosting . com/0299/movie2 . html all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix written by dennis feldman and jonathan hensleigh . based upon the comic book virus by chuck pfarrer . directed by john bruno . starring jamie lee curtis , william baldwin , and donald sutherland . rated r ( contains violence , profanity , and excessive gore ) approx . 90 mins . synopsis : an energy life force from outer space smashes through the mir space station and rockets down to a huge soviet ship . a week later , a sinking salvage boat named the sea star trapped in the eye of a typhoon encounters the soviet ship . the sea star's ragtag crew boards the soviet vessel and discovers the alien life force is creating biomechanical lifeforms with spare parts from machines and people . comments : so , what do you get when you mix alien , the abyss , leviathan , deep rising , screamers , terminator , and star trek : first contact with just a touch of halloween in a blender ( if mixing movies in a blender were , indeed , possible ) ? well , you'd get virus , universal's much delayed new sci-fi thriller . this film , to the best of my recollection , was supposed to come out in august , but someone in the studio was nervous about having two horror films starring jamie lee curtis come out at nearly the same time . ( dimension's halloween : h20 was released around that time . ) so , universal opted to bury the movie in mid-january among several high-quality oscar contenders and romances for upcoming valentine's day . smart . those of us who want to see this movie , me for instance , have to battle knee-high snow drifts and frozen car doors just to get to the local theater . winter season in ohio , like most of the northeast , has been especially cruel this year . nonetheless , i managed to get out to see virus on opening night , and i'm glad i did . though by far not an original movie , virus contains enough cool special effects for its audience to overlook its many inherent flaws . one of these flaws , as you may well deduce from my opening comment , is that virus " borrows " heavily from many other sci-films . the basic plot comes directly from alien . this plot has been used , to varying degrees of effectiveness , in countless motion pictures . basically , the screenwriter puts a group of people on a ship , or some other isolated area , and has them hunted by some sort of alien or monster . usually , this creature kills all but one or two of the crew , and this ( these ) survivor ( s ) kill ( s ) the creature in the end . the creature in virus is an alien-energy-life-form-thingie creating all sorts of different biomechanical monsters to terrorize the crew of the doomed sea star . you'll recognize these creations right away if you're a sci-fi fan . tiny mechanical spiders from runaway . human-sized borg people from star trek : first contact . etc . to be honest , this creative " borrowing " really didn't bother me all that much . they say it's hard to be original . i don't know . technically , though , the special effects in this film are surprisingly effective . some may not like them because they are , at times , quite gruesome , but most will probably get a kick out of them like my brother and i did . besides , certain parts of this movie are so absurd that they lend enough disbelief to counter any real disgust one may get from seeing dismembered body parts and the like . the actors in virus do a lot to offset any genuine terror the movie may engender . donald sutherland , a longtime character actor who has appeared in such classic sci-fi films as invasion of the body snatchers and puppet masters , is ridiculously over-the-top as the sea star's greedy captain . one set of lines he delivered halfway through the film had the entire theater laughing ; it was * that * cheesy . william baldwin plays the male lead . is it just me , or does billy baldwin seem like an actor you just can't take seriously ? he almost always looks goofily perplexed . one of the minor characters tried to play the best queequeg he could ( someone put tattoos over his face to make him look even more like the harpooner from moby dick ) . only jamie lee curtis is really convincing here . curtis is an accomplished actress capable of many genres . she can do comedy , action , and drama equally well . but , first and foremost in my mind , curtis is a horror actress , the scream queen . she had her start in such early slasher films as terror train , prom night , and the quintessential slice-and-dice classic halloween . she was also quite memorable in john carpenter's overlooked atmospheric ghost story the fog . it's good to see her back in her element again . in virus , she first seems to assume a ripley-like ( the heroine of the alien saga ) character , but , surprisingly , she doesn't stay " tough " through the movie . instead , she becomes so terrified as to be nearly paralyzed . nobody can pull this off better than curtis . she was perfect as the threatened babysitter in the original halloween , and she pulls off the scared-out-of-her-wits female lead without the camp the other actors put into their roles . overall , virus is an entertaining sci-fi thriller which makes for a pretty good saturday afternoon matinee feature . fans of the genre will pick up on a number of the sources for the creatures and storyline , but they'll still enjoy it . what variation of the same theme will hollywood churn out next ? let's hope it's even better than this . virus , after all , is a huge step above the insipid deep rising , last winter's horror-on-a-huge-ship-floating-in-the-middle-of-nowhere movie . virus is rated r for a lot of violence and gore sequences . it gets pretty intense at times , so i wouldn't recommend parents taking the youngsters to it . 
my first thought was , " oh god , another one of those pretentious foreign art house sex films . " the opening shot features one of those busy parisian streets , the locals hustling by in a blur of slow motion . this city tells a thousand stories , my friends , and an affair of love is one of them . as if to add insult to injury , our first actual scenes are of the woman ( nathalie baye , day for night ) and man ( sergi lópez ) after the affair , being interviewed by some off-screen voice . it's very when harry met sally , only with the added layer of being french lovers talking about their passionate encounters . hoo boy , this is gonna be a long road , isn't it ? we learn that the woman placed an ad in a magazine . of all the potential candidates , this man seemed the most interesting . he's handsome in a boyish sort of way , seemingly affable if slightly dorky . she's a little older than he is , more world-wise , more open to experience and experiment . they don't tell each other their names , ages , professions , where they live . it was meant to be nothing personal . after the round of interview footage , affair goes back in time to their first encounter at a cafe . she's already booked a room . through a series of nervous false starts , they make it through a halting conversation . at the hotel , it seems an eternity for the desk clerk to ring up the man's credit card , then they take the long walk up the stairs and down the hallway , through the bright red door . it suddenly dawned on me that perhaps half an hour had gone by in the blink of an eye . i was utterly enthralled by every small nuance of this encounter , every beat of silence . nathalie baye's face is lined with age . perhaps she's in her mid-40s , but very fit for a woman who might have mothered children . her eyes flicker and dance , but she's not the type to give much away . bright , courteous , sexually open - she's interesting even though we know very little about her . all we can tell , as the man freely admits , is that she's a real woman . in today's age where attractive girls are all models and pin-ups , this film finds beauty in the normal lady walking down the street . sergi lópez makes for a nice foil . he's a little tubby and hairy , but he doesn't take himself too seriously . he has friendly , soft eyes , and a mouth which is quick to smile . at the first meeting , he's perhaps a little more nervous than she . he does order a cognac to brace himself . their first sexual encounter , which is built up to so vividly , remains behind closed doors . maybe that's as it should be . for a film about sex , there isn't very much of it shown during the film . in a way , this makes it all the sweeter as we watch them during their second meeting at the cafe . once more we don't see their amour . after the hotel , that second time , the man works up the courage to ask her to dinner later that night . on they go , never learning where the other lives . they keep much as a mystery from each other , but reveal enough to keep us interested . maybe that's the nature of affairs , especially sexual ones . the secrets . the film runs a little over ninety minutes . it's never dull . i could have done without the frequent voice-overs , which run over scenes where i might have preferred to hear the naturalistic dialogue between the lovers . i'm also no big fan of self-conscious " interview " footage , which only served to make me wonder how the documentarian tracked them down . these faults , while glaring , are forgiven because the rest of the film feels so alluring , so sexy and smart . they meet , they talk , they make love and , slowly , grow closer . there are many scenes where they talk frankly about sex . as for the actual onscreen lovemaking , it is kept to a minimum , but there's a startling scene midway which has them in bed slowly working their way toward orgasm . this is not the sex of hollywood gloss , or even of art house decadence , or even of pornography . sex in american films is either a marathon , a farce , a music video , or a tragedy . an affair of love is all of the above , only less self-important . it's insubstantial , but that's pretty much the point . they only had what they had and the rest is in their memories . so it is for the viewer , too . maybe it's only worth a rental , but that's more than what you'd expect walking in . 
directed by carina lau ; starring jackie chan , anita mui , ti lungin the wake of the smashing success of " rumble in the bronx , " it's looking more and more likely that more jackie chan films will see american release . rumor has it that one of these films will be drunken master ii . the version i have is a copy from the laserdisc ; it's widescreen and bilingually-subtitled , as are most hong kong films these days . availability over here in the united states is very limited ; these films must either be purchased via pirates or sought out from asian distributors such as tai seng . the subtitling on the copy i have is slightly hard to read ; the letters are white and a bit small . although the american release will almost certainly be dubbed , this review is of the subtitled version , so please keep that in mind if you're reading this review to help you decide whether to go out and see it . to be fair , i must admit that i've never been very fond of " period-piece " martial arts movies--the ones set in some nebulous china of the distant or not so distant past . perhaps it's because most of those i've seen were filmed on inferior stock , with either butchered dubbing or all-but-illegible subtitling , or perhaps it's because their plots all tend to be very similar to each other and , in many cases , all but nonexistant . in fact , many of them get so wrapped up in their subplots that they seem to forget their main plot entirely until only a few minutes before the end . or , for that matter , it might be because the jackie chan films with more modern settings ( armour of god , rumble in the bronx , etc . ) tend to have more spectacular stunts , often involving large motor vehicles and large explosions , whereas period pieces simply have the martial arts . having said that , i must now turn right around and say that drunken master ii is a remarkable exception to all or most of the above , is one of the better martial arts films i've seen , and i quite enjoyed it . surprised ? well , so was i . drunken master ii is about a young man named wong fei-hong ( played by jackie chan ) who is a master of the drunken boxing style of kung fu . where he learned this style is uncertain , as his father , wong kei-ying ( ti lung ) is steadfast in his opposition to fei-hong's practicing it rather than some more normal style of kung fu . apparently , fei-hong is some sort of figure from chinese folklore , rather like paul bunyan is for americans , but i've heard very little about this , and could quite well be wrong , so i'll leave analysis of that to the people who know it better . one of my friends points out that the character of wong fei-hong is also featured in the " once upon a time in china " movies , but i have not yet seen those . the plot of drunken master ii is somewhat hazy , as are the plots to many such films , but if you're watching a jackie chan film , odds are you aren't expecting something on the order of " war and peace " . the story seems to revolve around those evil foreigners who are spiriting away ancient chinese relics ( and hence , china's cultural heritage ) while overworking , underpaying , and beating up chinese workers in a nearby steel mill . however , this plot merely serves as a framework for the other main story of the film--fei-hong's perpetual struggle to win his girlfriend , supplicate his father , keep his ( pregnant ) mother ( played by anita mui ) from fighting , and keep from getting beaten up by evil foreigner thugs . the macguffin that drives the plot ( s ) is a precious antique jade imperial seal which is being taken away by the evil foreigners . in the beginning , fei-hong accidentally steals it while trying to recover an identically-wrapped box containing the medicinal ginseng his father was bringing back for a customer . in the process , he clashes with another thief , who is himself trying for the seal but ends up instead with the ginseng . after fei-hong narrowly avoids getting caught with the seal by the evil foreigners' lackies , thanks to some timely intervention by a general's son ( a cameo appearance by andy lau , who would later take on the starring role in drunken master iii ! ) , comedic chaos ensues back at the wong household when fei-hong and his mother attempt to come up with a replacement for the missing ginseng . and so it goes . and the plot thickens later on , such as when fei-hong's girlfriend maneuvers him into a kung fu match with a rival , or when fei-hong and the thief , now revealed to be a loyalist manchu officer trying to recover the seal and stop the evil foreigners , are attacked en masse ( another grand kung-fu movie tradition ) , but i think i've already spent more time on the plot than it really deserves . let's move on to the real draw of jackie chan movies . . . the action . there's plenty of martial arts action to be found in this movie . . . of course , in a kung fu film , that's to be expected . however , this isn't just another kung fu movie ; this one has jackie chan doing the fight and stunt choreography , and jackie chan is a genius . the primary martial arts " style " featured in the film is drunken boxing , a form of kung fu which attempts to draw the adversary off his guard by making it seem like the fellow using it is drunk . further , for the purposes of this film at least , drunken boxers fight better when they actually _are_ intoxicated . . . but there's a fine line between just drunk enough and drunk into a stupor . under normal circumstances , the idea of someone staggering around looking sloshed but managing to fight effectively and even incredibly might seem rather stupid , but jackie pulls it off with flair . the kung fu sequences are so intricate in their staging and execution that it is pointless to try to describe it on paper , so i'll just say that the fights--especially the big climactic fight at the end--in themselves make the movie worth watching . another thing drunken master ii has going for it is the stunt work . even without motor vehicles ( well , not counting a train ) , there are some remarkable stunts in this film . among other things , jackie dives off a balcony into a table and crawls across hot coals ( not once , but at _least_ twice , if you count the outtake shown during the credits ) . ( quicktime movies of these stunts can be found through the www movie database . ) unlike in american films , these stunts are _not_ faked . drunken master ii stars several veteran actors of the hong kong movie scene , including jackie , ti lung ( " a better tomorrow " 1 & 2 ) , and anita mui ( the " heroic trio " series , " rumble in the bronx " ) . the performances are first-rate , especially when it comes to the comedy parts of the film . the scene where fei-hong and his mother conspire literally behind fei-hong's father's back to cover up for the missing ginseng root is hilarious , as is the scene where fei-hong's mother , having just revealed that she is pregnant , is threatening to hurt herself ( in order to draw her husband's anger away from fei-hong ) . jackie has developed his knack for physical comedy into a sort of mastery over the years , and he's in fine form all through drunken master ii . as far as cinematography is concerned , it certainly works for this film . it's nothing spectacular , but is at least a dozen times better than all those old kung fu movies of the 70s . the picture is crisp and clear . one thing i find particularly worthy of mention is that , at least in the copy i have , the screen was wider than any film i've ever seen on videotape before--almost a whole 1/3 of the screen was blocked out above and below . ( watch this on a bigscreen tv or movie theater if you can . ) it will be an utter shame if this film is eventually pan-and-scanned for american video release . drunken master ii shows the full potential of " period piece " kung fu movies , and it's good enough to overcome even my usual distaste for such movies . the plot does meander a bit , but that's to be expected in this type of film . if you like this kind of movie , you'll love this movie , and if not , well , give it a chance anyway . if nothing else , the martial arts and stunt sequences are by themselves worth the price of admission or rental . this review is copyright 1996 by christopher e . meadows ; permission granted for distribution and archival via rec . arts . movies . reviews , the world wide web movie database , and associated databases ; permission granted for free electronic dissemination as long as the text of this review is not changed , this notice remains attached , and no money is charged for it . all other rights reserved to the author . -- chris meadows aka | author , team m . e . c . h . a . , crapshoot & co . robotech_master | on the superguy listserv ( bit . listserv . superguy ) robotech@jurai . net | * * take note ! * * my homepage has changed to robotech@eyrie . org | http : //www . jurai . net/~robotech/index . html 
rated r in spanish with english subtitles an artisan films release starring eduardo noriega , penelope cruz , chete lera , fele martinez , gerard barray , pepe navarro , najwa nimri written by alejandro amenabar and mateo gil directed by alejandro amenabar as anyone who has seen the matrix and existenz knows , this year we have has an abundance of exceptional science-fiction films . i am not a very big sci-fi fan , but as the year 2000 approaches , these films have begun to fascinate me immensely . the latest entry into the genre , alejandro amenabar's psychological thriller open your eyes , suffers from bad timing . while the film is indeed very good , i have seen it shortly after two very similar films ( look in the first paragraph ) , and the originality doesn't strike me nearly as much as it could have . open your eyes is the story of cesar ( eduardo noriega ) , a young , handsome , wealthy spanish man who finds himself accused of a murder which he is sure he didn't commit ( if you think this sounds like dark city , you're not the only one . infact , the first scene of open your eyes , a dream sequence , shows cesar waking up , going outside , and realizing that there is no one on the streets ) . as he is interrogated by a prison psychologist ( chete lera ) , we , through the eyes of cesar , try to figure out exactly what happened . cesar decides to throw a party at his house , and his best friend pelayo ( fele martinez ) brings with him sofia ( penelope cruz ) , a beautiful woman whom he met in the library . cesar falls instantly in love , and he ends up taking her back to her home after the party . after a night of chatting , they agree to meet again the next day . but as cesar walks outside , his lusty mistress , nuria ( najwa nimri ) , drives by in her car , and begs him to join her for one last rendezvous . he gets in the car , and she ends up driving off the side of the road and hitting a tree , killing herself and completely wrecking cesar's face . from then on , the film goes through many , many twists as cesar tries to figure out what the hell is going on . there is a line in this year's extraordinary the matrix in which morpheus ( laurence fishburne ) asks : " have you ever had a dream that you're so sure was real ? what if you were unable to wake from that dream ? how would you tell the difference between the dream world , and the real world ? " open your eyes is essentially about our dreams , and the tricks that our subconscious plays on us . while the film is clever and psychological , it is not as fun or stylish as the matrix and existenz . open your eyes is definitely worthy of an audience , as long as they're not expecting the flash of the others . i'm sure i would have enjoyed this film more had i seen it earlier , though . regardless , alejandro amenabar is a smashing new talent , and this film was a hit in it's native spain . penelope cruz , who made her american debut in last year's embarrasing the hi-lo country , shows depth as well as beauty , and hopefully her appeal will cross over to america . open your eyes is an incredible movie , and if this is not one of the new sci/fi genre's best , then the genre's gonna thrive for a long while . once again , congrats to artisan films , quickly becoming one of best distributors in film today . a review by akiva gottlieb , the teenage movie critic akiva@excite . com http : //www . angelfire . com/mo/film watch me on tbs' " dinner and a movie " may 21 , 8 : 05pm est get your free , private email at http : //mail . excite . com/ 
the sixth sense  -a review by bill chambers ( 6sense@filmfreakcentral . net ) starring bruce willis , haley joel osment , toni collette , olivia williams written and directed by m . night shyamalan you've seen this moment before , recently : a particularly troubled character senses danger of the paranormal kind when the room temperature inexplicably plummets to below freezing . the difference is that when it happens to lili taylor's nell in the haunting , we don't care . the hero of the sixth sense , a young boy named cole , is a rich creation , and we wish nothing more than for the ghosts who haunt him to take a hike . the seasons have changed since an ex-patient shot jaded child psychologist malcolm crowe ( willis ) in the comfort of his own bedroom . desperate to get his career back on track , even at the expense of his crumbling marriage ( to williams , of rushmore ) , malcolm councils the deeply troubled cole ( osment ) . the preteen displays all the quirks of malcolm's would-be killer : scars on his body ; antisocial behaviour ; and the reluctance to reveal a big secret . only after cole is locked in a closet by some bullies ( and hospitalized as a result ) does he divulge to malcolm , in a spine-tingling scene , that he sees dead people walking among us , all the time . malcolm assumes , and given his profession , reasonably so , that cole is schizophrenic , not psychic , but the sincerity in cole's anguished confession prevents the doctor from taking drastic measures . he will instead pursue the supernatural angle , becoming a kind of surrogate father to cole ( who lives with his single mother , lynn ( collette ) ) in the process . the sixth sense has more in common with ghost than poltergeist . ( though shyamalan does , somewhat unforgiveably , crib the self-rearranging kitchen business from the latter . ) it's far more heartwarming than frightening , and the film would be none the worse for wear without its few pulp shocks . cole attracts the dead for reasons unknown , but they're not out to harm him , really-they just want to be heard , even if it means scaring the bejesus out of the innocent gradeschooler . perhaps the apparitions seem more ghastly to us , at first , than they really are because we're looking at the situation through the eyes of an eight-year-old . that's right : willis , for the first time in years , gives up the spotlight to his costar . we appreciate malcolm's domestic dilemma , but we identify with cole , recalling our fears of the bogeyman or the closet monster or the thing under the bed . both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest . willis convinces us that he's a doctor , something he was unable to do as a horndog shrink in the overheated color of night . osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do . the sixth sense ( atmospherically shot by the silence of the lambs' cinematographer , tak fujimoto ) is actually a drama-its spooky , effective ad campaign is misleading . only because i was expecting something different did i notice-rather , feel-the movie's running time , which is just shy of two hours . the story unfurls slowly but engrossingly ; its unexpected finish is definitely worth the wait . i'm not sure said big twist ending is bulletproof , but i admired its audacity . 
director : gus van sant writers : ben affleck and matt damon starring : matt damon , robin williams , minnie driver , stellan skarsgård , ben affleck , cole hauser , casy affleck , george plimpton there are certain people in the world who have some talent that very few people have , but they chose not to take advantage of this for some personal reason . " good will hunting " is about one of those people . the will hunting of the ( horrible ) title ( let's face it , this film would be a bitch to title ) , played by co-writer matt damon , is a mathematical genius . he can do almost any mathematical connundrum in about the time it takes to brew a cup of irish cream cappuccino . and he works at mit . . . as the janitor . one day , the professor of one of the most challenging courses , proffessor lambeau ( " breaking the waves " 's stellan skarsgård ) , puts a big problem on the board for his students to attempt to complete . the next day , it's already done on the board , but no one in his class claims to have done it . so lambeau puts another problem on the board , this time one that took he and his colleagues over two years to prove . and , duh , it's done again . of course , they catch the guy who did it red handed - will . before lambeau can find will again ( he ran away when he caught him ) , will has gotten into a fight with a bunch of punks on a basketball court , and struck a police officer , so lambeau gets him out on probation with two agreements : a ) he work with him on math , and b ) he get some therapy . after going through some therapists whom he psyches out in one way or another ( for a hypnotist , he fakes being under his spell , then launches into an impromptu performance of the 70s classic , " afternoon delight " ) . finally , lambeau's old college roomate , sean mcguire ( robin williams ) , a psych professor , agrees to treat him , and the two begin a rocky relationship , as sean tries to get will to open up . turns out will had a rough childhood , being abandoned , and placed in foster homes and what not . it also turns out that will does not want to do simple mathematics all his life ; he wants a challenge . and that is to hang out with his buds ( including the other co-writer , ben affleck ) , and do honorable jobs , like construction . is it right to make this genius follow in the footsteps of einstein and kasinsky ? should this guy be forced to do something he doesn't want to do ? this appears to be one of the million questions in this film , which is jam-packed with greatness , but does not have the totally brilliant whole it should . i'm not saying " good will hunting " is a bad film at all . it's a very enjoyable film with tons of great moments , and lots of great things about it . the acting is amazing , with two oscar-nomination-worthy performances from damon and williams , who have amazing chemistry together . we also get some great support from stellan skarsgård ( great name ) , ben affleck , and from minnie driver , who plays will's love interest , skylar . there are tons of individual moments that i adored . i loved all the comedy in the film , especially a scene where damon proves a schmuck out of a college student who is quoting a historian to impress some chicks , his various attempts at therapy , and of course , my favorite scene in the entire film , the one where he delivers a long , exstensive rant to some nsa agents about the downside of working for them . i liked the relationship between some of the people , like will and skylar , will and sean , sean and lambeau , and will and his friends . there are scenes between them which are just amazing to watch . and there are even moments in the film which are so honest in their portrayal , that i felt rightfully uncomfortable . like the break-up scene between will and skylar , will and sean's first meeting , a bar scene between sean and lambeau , and a scene where sean tells in detail how he doesn't regret meeting his first wife , who would later suffer a slow , painful death , and leave him lonely and slightly bitter . however , the main flaw of the film is there's too much of everything , and not enough of it either . the film tries for deeper relations between the characters , but they're sometimes either overwritten or underwritten . take for example the relationship between sean and will : the film gets an interesting father/son as well as doctor/patient relationship going with out any problems , but when it tries to show them as equals , it falls on its face . we hear how they went to the same town , and there are even scenes where the film shows how hypocritical both of them are at times . but this never takes off like the other parts of their relationship do . also , will's relationship with his best friend , chuckie ( affleck ) , has a nice climax , but not enough rising action . we see them joking around , but when chuckie arrives at a decision between the two of them , it seems more like a superficial reasoning than a more selected one . their relationship never goes beyond " just best friends , " and his decision just seems to be a generalization of any two best friends instead of something more . . . human . maybe it was just me . and it also goes for a parallelism with the relationship between sean and lambeau , but that , again , is underwritten . and , of course , as in most films like this , the girl/boy relationship is pretty underwritten . we never understand what they see in each other , so when skylar confesses that she loves him , it seems more like it's there for plot details that anything else . minnie driver is interesting , though , and breathes life into her character . the writing is a bit at fault here , but what makes all this worthwhile is the little moments in the film where it acheives true awesomeness . sure , it feels overstuffed , but it's extremely enjoyable . the dialogue that affleck and damon have written is amazingly fresh , and seems extremely human . i think that they should get a nomination for their script chiefly because of the dialogue , which is amazing . while this is probably director gus van sant's most conservative film ( you'd hardly know it's the same director of " to die for , " the only van sant film i've seen , really ) , it's still a pretty remarkable film , albeit a tad overrated ( what's this " best picture " deal ? ) . and if a film puts a smile on my face despite posessing a lot of flaws , i have no problem with reccomending it to anyone . 
when people are talking about good old times , they actually want to make some bad times look better . nice example of such behaviour is contemporary attitude of popular media towards the 1970s . for new generations , superseventies are the lost golden age of chic fashion , cult tv shows and sexual freedom unchecked by aids . for people who actually had to live in that period , it was the gloomy decade , marked by lost ideals of 1968 , rampant inflation and unemployment , international terrorism , fuel crisis and loss of faith in almost anything that previous generation stood for . feelings of despair and nihilism found its reflections in many films of that era . martin scorsese's taxi driver , which symbolises both the glory and despair of the seventies , is most celebrated of them all . the movie's protagonist is travis bickle ( robert de niro ) , 26-year old former marine who takes the job of taxi driver in new york city because he can't sleep at nights . the job gets him exposed to the dark side of apocalyptic megalopolis , and travis gradually gets alienated from the rest of world . the only bright spot in his life is betsy ( cybil sheperd ) , attractive woman working in senator palantine's presidential campaign . their date ends as humiliating fiasco because travis makes fatal mistake by inviting her to porno movie theatre . losing his only link to better side of the world , travis gradually descends into psychosis , becoming convinced that his mission in life is to battle scum on the street . he purchases a formidable arsenal of guns and begins physical preparations for the inevitable conflict . that conflict finally comes when he takes personal interest in iris ( jodie foster ) , 12-year old prostitute who temporarily took refuge in his taxi . as many great movies that got cult status through the years , taxi driver became the object of many interpretations . for some critics and scholars it is an exploration of universal subjects that date back to dostoyevski - loss of moral compass in a bleak reality of dirty , overpopulated industrial cities ; the story could have been set in 19th century same as in our times . for others , the movie uses raskolnikov-like figure in order to portray burning problems of 1970s america - its apparent inability to deal with the consequences of rapid social changes that occurred in previous decade . brilliant performance of robert de niro in role of a lifetime can give arguments for both sides . his travis bickle has a lot in common with most of the average viewers of today - many of us share his feelings of isolation , loneliness and outrage towards crime , drugs , prostitution and senseless street violence . his pathetic attempts to establish some kind of human connection with the people around him , sometimes in most unusual circumstances - like with secret service agents , pimps or job interviewers - make him a person too goofy to be the hero , and too pathetic to be the classic villain . however , most of the average viewers are sensible enough to recognise the tin line that separate concerned citizens or troubled souls from fanatical madmen . but despite anything , average viewer at the end actually cheers for travis - his crusade against " scum " is something that average person wants , but doesn't have a stomach/lack of brains to do it . while de niro's travis might come in and out of particular times and places , other persons that appear in the film ( mostly played by the character actors ) give it distinctively 1970s feel . wizzard ( played by peter boyle ) presents the only link with america's better past ; but only because he is the oldest taxi driver in company and therefore everybody assumes that he " knows stuff " . his obvious inadequacy in giving advice to troubled travis illustrates the inability of pre-1960s generations to find answers to the problems of gloomy decade . other characters , on the other hand , show the bad side of new age . matthew " sport " ( keitel , who befriended real-life pimps in other to prepare for his role of a lifetime ) is dressed like a hippie ; iris found excuse for her escape to the world of drugs and child prostitution in a ideology of counterculture . porno movies , that should be the element of new times of sexual freedom , are too much even for supposedly " liberated " betsy . even the politicians , like senator palantine , are lost in post-vietnam and post-watergate mess ; his broad and senseless " messages " that cover the lack of any serious program can't fool even such idiots like travis . the past is gone , the present is bad , and even the future seems bleak , and the feeling of pessimism can't be washed away even by ironic happy end . travis and his world found themselves in a desperate situation , and martin scorsese uses the best of his cinematic skills in order to spill the gloom of schrader's screenplay into the silver screen . new york city in the night is portrayed as a hell on earth , and the red light and steam coming out of sewers give it surreal , almost stygian atmosphere . another important element of the atmosphere is score of great bernard herrman , whose efficient use of jazz elements gives some melancholy that softens the brutality of motion picture . one of the greatest ironies of taxi driver is the fact that the movie was , same as his protagonist , famous for the wrong reason . instead of receiving cult status because of his artistic merits , for many years it was tabloid-fodder because of hinckley and his real-life re-enactment of events in the movie . now , more than two decades later , when some other " life imitating art " incidents get more attention , we can finally enjoy taxi driver in all its artistic glory . 
les miserables ( pg-13 )  ) the calendar year has not even reached its midway point , but that hasn't prevented columbia pictures from trotting out a lavish period drama more befitting of the winter oscar-bait season . bille august's high-profile adaptation of victor hugo's classic les miserables delivers everything one would expect from a classy hollywood epic--handsome production values , strong performances by a top-notch cast , a literate screenplay--with one critically missing element : emotional sweep . for those not familiar with hugo's original novel or the hit stage musical it inspired , the hook of les miserables essentially boils down to something like a 19th-century french-set version of the fugitive . after serving 19 years in a prison work camp for stealing a loaf of bread , the brutish jean valjean ( liam neeson ) is paroled . immediately upon release , he steals valuable silverware from a kindly bishop who takes him in for a night ; he is caught by authorities , only to be forgiven by the bishop , who lets valjean keep the silver to start a new life on the straight and narrow . that he does , and in doing so breaks his parole , which sets the obsessively determined inspector javert ( geoffrey rush ) , who was one of the guards in valjean's prison camp , on his trail . thematically , however , les miserables is a story about redemption , which valjean finds through his dealings with two women , the hard-luck factory-worker-turned-prostitute fantine ( uma thurman ) , and her illegitimate daughter , cosette . years after breaking parole , valjean becomes mayor of the town of vigau , where he forms a warm friendship with fantine after saving her from an unjust arrest by javert . valjean promises the gravely ill fantine he will rescue the young cosette ( mimi newman ) from her cruel caretakers , the thenardiers , and raise the child as his own . the " father " and " daughter " eventually land in paris , where the teenage cosette ( claire danes ) falls for dashing student revolutionary marius ( hans matheson ) . the decades-spanning story is the stuff that cinematic epics are made of , and the danish august turns in his most accomplished english-language work , following the underrated 1994 superstar soap the house of the spirits and last year's stylish but highly preposterous mystery smilla's sense of snow . he and screenwriter rafael yglesias bring the sprawling tale into clear focus and keep the events moving at a brisk pace . production designer anna asp , costume designer gabriella pescucci , and cinematographer jorgen persson give les miserables a sumptuous period look whose accomplishment is mostly matched by the efforts of the cast . neeson is commanding yet endearingly vulnerable ; rush's finely modulated menace is far more rewarding than his overrated , oscar-winning theatrics in shine ; and thurman disappears nicely into her highly unglamorous role . the younger members of the cast fare less well . danes is convincing as cosette , but her overdone lip quivering during her crying scenes becomes a distraction ; and matheson , while competent , is a less interesting robert sean leonard . as technically adept and cerebrally engaging the film is , by the time les miserables was over , my emotions had only been superficially involved . while i was touched by valjean's relationships with fantine and cosette , i was not moved . not even reaching the " touching " level is the cosette-marius pairing . my only previous experience with les miserables is with the musical ( as i am sure many others' is ) , and i was dismayed to see eponine , a friend of marius's who selflessly dies in the name of her unspoken love for him , almost completely jettisoned from this adaptation ( the daughter of the thenardiers , here she is only briefly seen as a child ) . her presence would have added some much-needed conflict and emotional heft to the youthful romance , but i suppose august and yglesias felt one tragic heroine ( fantine ) was enough . even so , as 1998 creeps into summer blockbuster season , les miserables is a thoughtful , well-made , entertaining film , one that will sate moviegoers hungry for a dose of drama before popcorn no-brainers invade the multiplex . 
rated r for intense violence , sexuality and some nudity . starring : jamie lee curtis , donald pleasance , nancy loomis , p . j . soles . once in a great while a brilliant horror film will come out , this year we've had the new classic 'the blair witch project' which has been hailed as the scariest film ever made . while one of the scariest , halloween still reigns supreme as the most horrifying movie ever put on film strip . it's whole approach to horror movies are the most amazing thing of the film is that it needs no gore , no explicit violence and no excess blood to scare the hell out of us , instead it relies on genuine scares and atmosphere to make us pee our pants with fright . the score of the film is also a big thing too . sometimes the score is what scares us the most , along with michael myers we have no mercy from this terrifying motion picture masterpiece . the film starts out with a creepy opening sequence to which has the now classic and creepy score by writer/director/producer john carpenter who in my mind is a brilliant director , he really is . he wrote this film , he directed this film , he produced this film and he made the excessively creepy score to this film . i think he is and always will be famous for this classic which after 21 years has not lost it's popularity or it's ability to scare the wits out of people . i think i have seen 'halloween' over 100 times and each time i find something new and brilliant , and each time i am scared even though i know what is going to happen . i own three different versions of the film : a vhs regular version that came with a limited edition 20th anniversary t-shirt , a boxed edition vhs in a hardcover case digitally re-mastered with the original theatrical widescreen presentation , in a nifty plastic picture decorated box with a numbered snow-globe . in other words i am completely and utterly obsessed with the film . it has changed horror movies forever and spawned six sequels with only 2 , 4 , and 7 being truly good . it also spawned several cheap imitations of the film that were offensive in some ways to a true halloween fan . since i heard about halloween being released on dvd in a limited edition of 30 , 000 copies , i knew i had to buy one no matter what ! i did and man to me it's the best dvd ever manufactured with the brilliance of the film . no words can describe the dvd . in 'halloween' michael myers is a evil person whom killed his sister in cold blood 16 years ago in 1963 . now in 1978 grown up and in a mental hospital michael myers escapes to go back to his hometown of haddonfield , illinois , followed by his past doctor sam loomis . the person michael is targeting is laurie strode who is played by jamie lee curtis in her film debut . why is he stalking her ? check out halloween ii it explains it all . on this unholy night on october 31 , 1978 laurie strode and her two friends are going to have the time of their lives , which is trying to stay alive . the whole film is filled with terrifying moments most coming from just seeing michael myers walk . nick castle who played the shape in the first movie did an incredible job , and no other person in any other halloween flick can do what he did . what john carpenter did in 1978 is made a ground-breaking new film , with scares , wit , and style . the movie is flawless if not perfect . no other movie or sequel has lived up to this one , and in my opinion never will . 'halloween' will be like 'psycho' and still be extremely popular even almost 40 years later . i just hope someday 'halloween' will be released in a new dolby soundtrack with the 4 extra scenes on the dvd edition . 'halloween' isn't just another slice-and-dice horror flick , it's an intelligent , horrifying and best film experience ever made . see 'halloween' and be scared . . . . then watch it again ! reviewed by brandon herring october 7 , 1999 . ratings for the other halloween movies : halloween ii- ½ halloween iii- zero stars halloween 4 : the return of michael myers- * * * halloween 5 : the revenge of michael myers- * * halloween : the curse of michael myers- * * halloween : h20- * * * * brandon herring movie review heaven ( http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/movie/3160/moviereviewheaven . html 
i fell asleep during turtles , was mildly amused by bttf iii , but had a terrific time at gremlins 2 today . yes , it's true , the performances by the special effects are generally better than the performances by the actors , and the film has more rubber logic than most , but it's fun ! yes , you can guess the story . gizmo winds up in a research lab after his owner , the old chinese man , dies . the research lab in in " clamp tower , " a massive new york sky scraper that contains various cable networks ( including things like " the archery network " and " the safety channel " ) , a mall , restaurants , and the headquarters for clamp international . of course , billy and kate , the heros from the first film , also happen to work in that building . billy rescues gizmo from the genetics lab ( run gleefully by christopher lee ) , but your typical series of catastrophes happen to little gizmo and gremlins rapidly infest the entire building . since there's a genetics lab to trash , the gremlins mutate into a variety of bizarre creatures , including a winged gargoyle , spider-monster , and a quasi-intellectual , pipe-smoking yuppie . there are more sight-gags , parodies and wonderful bits throughout this movie . there's the " movie police , " " microwaving with marge , " and some amusing cameos by various warner brothers characters . there's an on-target parody of kate's " why i hate christmas " speech ( though it was a tad too long ) from the first movie , and great satire of corporate personality throughout the film . the movie is rated pg-13 , though most of the violence happens to gremlins and to the set rather than to any humans . our nine-year-old was liked the movie , but didn't really start laughing at it until after the gremlins popped out all over . the puppetry and radio-controlled gremlins in this movie were both extremely well-done . the gremlins have a little more personality in this film than in the first one . gremlins 2 took a good idea and made it better . i hope dante & company quit while they are ahead . i'm not sure how the movie is doing . we saw it in an empty theater today , which is a shame because the movie is a blast . * * * laurie mann * * harvard ! m2c ! jjmhome ! lmann * * lmann%jjmhome@m2c . m2c . org * * * * * * laurie_mann@es . stratus . com * * * uunet ! lectroid ! es ! laurie_mann * * * 
director :   steven soderbergh cast :   george clooney , jennifer lopez , ving rhames , dennis farina , don cheadle , albert brooks , steve zahn , catherine keener screenplay :   scott frank producers :   danny devito , michael shamberg , stacey sher runtime :   120 min . us distribution :   universal rated r :   violence , language , sex by nathaniel r . atcheson ( nate@pyramid . net ) perhaps it's time for me to say a little about my reading habits . i really do like to read , and i've enjoyed many books in my lifetime . my problem is that i'm a slow reader , and not very dedicated -- i'll enjoy portions of a book and then set it down for months at a time ( it's taken me the last six weeks to get through the first one hundred pages of anna karenina , even though i'm loving the book ) . in addition to this , i typically don't read anything created after the 19th century . the only reason i bother with this bit of information is because i feel bad admitting , time after time , that i haven't read any of the books on which these films are based ( the only exception , i believe , is great expectations ) . however , i don't think it should be necessary to read the book beforehand in order to judge the quality of the film . needless to say , i haven't read the elmore leonard novel out of sight , on which steven soderbergh's new film is based . i can't say how faithful of an adaptation it is , or if it lives up to leonard's vision . i can say that it's a terrific film , with sharp acting , great dialogue , and pumping full of energy and style injected by soderbergh . it's certainly a nice distraction from 1998's lineup of brainless blockbusters , all hopelessly wishing that size mattered . out of sight proves that it doesn't . i had originally written george clooney off as a one-note actor , incapable of depth but occasionally showing a little flair . after seeing his latest performance in this film , i've changed my mind -- this guy can act , but he also has that forceful presence that most certainly will make him one of those $20 million superstars . here , he plays jack foley , a middle aged guy who robs banks for a living . he does it because it's fun , i think , but the film opens with him getting caught because his car won't start . he goes to jail -- which is interesting -- only to break out five cinematic minutes later with the help of his friend , buddy ( ving rhames ) . we're then introduced to karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) , a u . s . marshall who , conveniently , is waiting with a shotgun as jack escapes . fortunately , they take her hostage , and she and jack spend some quality time in the trunk together as buddy drives them to safety . the central conflict arises when both jack and karen become obsessed with one another , though their respective jobs make them superficially incompatible . we soon learn that the film is not told in sequence ( and , since this is a gritty crime comedy , flashbacks of pulp fiction should arise ) . at first , i kind of felt that it was a gimmick , but i guess it was a gimmick in pulp fiction , too . it's a fun gimmick , though , and soderbergh treats the material with enough humor that everything comes off naturally . i've only seen a few of soderbergh's films ( i was impressed both with kafka and sex , lies , and videotape ) , but i think he's excellent at what he does . he's an artist without making it obvious , and without being pretentious , which is always admirable . he uses tricks , yes ( lots of freeze-frame stuff here ) , but it all adds to the smooth and quirky currents in the film . as i said , clooney is terrific , and he's matched by lopez . lopez is , of course , beautiful , but she can act , too . i can sense that she's honing in on her skills , for she comes off more natural here than she has in any of her previous ventures ( not that stone gave her much help in the loathsome u-turn ) . the two actors have arresting chemistry with one another -- the best scene in the film , by far , is the seduction scene . the brilliance of this scene is also due , in part , to soderbergh , for he cuts back and forth from their quiet discussion in a bar to the physical act which takes place a few minutes later . the scene is a series of soft nuances and glances , layered upon light dialogue , and the result is one of the better love scenes in recent cinema -- meaningful and engrossing . the supporting cast is strong , led by the always-reliable ving rhames . dennis farina , who plays karen's father , is good , as is don cheadle as the profoundly stupid villain . steve zahn , who plays jack's nearly-brain dead accomplice glenn , steals all of his scenes ( and that's in a film where every scene is already at a high level ) . all of the actors are helped by the dialogue and the intelligently-constructed script by scott frank . out of sight is certainly a light film , although there are a few heavy moments that will linger in the memory . overall , i can recommend it simply as great entertainment . not every film has to change your life , and it's nice to see a movie that uses the art to tell a great story and simply to entertain its viewers . as for the book , this film is good enough to make me believe that there might be something in the text worth looking at . 
directed by christopher guest running time : 84 minutes originally released : january 31 , 1997 ( national-usa ) of all the films i've come to see this year ( 1997 ) , i think only chasing amy had as many " laugh-out-loud " moments . i'm not saying that i was hysterically rolling on the floor while watching waiting for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delighted guffaw at least every couple of minutes . and i think i'm the kind of person that laughs least at movies , even when i find them funny . usually all you can get out of me is a warm smile , so to get me laughing out loud , and so frequently , is a really good sign . waiting for guffman is the story of blaine , missouri , a town celebrating it's 150th anniversary , and the musical that is being put on for the big event . the play is being directed by corky st . clair ( christopher guest , who also wrote and directed this " mockumentary " as well as co-writing several original musical numbers ) , the effeminate broadway hopeful determined to make this production a smashing success . teaming up with st . clair are a handful of blaine residents : allan pearl ( eugene levy ) , a jewish dentist who spent his youth not as the class clown , but sitting right next to him and studying him , ron and sheila albertson ( fred willard and catherine o'hara respectively ) , a married couple setting their sights on hollywood , libby mae brown ( parker posey ) , the dense but fun queen of the dairy queen , and a few others . everybody in this movie is brilliant , absolutely so , but levy particularly stands out . these characters are portrayed with such saddening realism that you can't help but love them , as pathetic as they really are . although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances ! if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it . some humor was a tad uneven from the rest of the film and , even after starting very humorously , they nearly lost me with the tad-too-long intros . as delightful as it was , it began to get monotonous . thankfully , just as your about to say " ok , maybe i should run to the bathroom " , they finally get past the intros and onto the rehearsal scenes . like a play , this film gives a very three-act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) . like i said , each character really shines , even when done with a subtle approach . you can't really watch these people and not think they're real people ! even they way they talk , with awkward pauses and stumbles that don't feel staged at all , you feel like you're watching a real , albeit funny , documentary . and even with silly lyrics , the original songs when the play is finally put on , are absolutely wonderful ! as a word of note , despite it's " r " rating , waiting for guffman is really quite clean . this rating came from a brief , very brief use of the grand-daddy of all swear words . even if that really bothers you , let me say that it's not presented in a vulgar , cheap-laugh way . it's actually quite humorous and tastefully done ! it might be hard knowing what to expect with waiting for guffman . it's silly humor , but it's also so dry , subtle , and intelligently done that you're not insulted by it . it's always really nice to see a comedy that isn't all slapstick and vulgarity , and this film is one of the better ones of the better ones ! i'd recommend seeing it ! 
ever wonder what happened to gabe kaplan ? you remember , he was the title character in that 70's sitcom , " welcome back kotter . " always trying to help out the sweathogs , frequently trying to dodge mr . woodman , ever wary of his wife's tuna casserole . " so , " you ask , " where is he now ? " mr . kaplan actually spends much of his time these days playing professional high-stakes poker . that's right . i'm not sure if it's his main source of income , but from what i've heard , the guy occasionally comes away with $20 , 000 at a time . and there you were , thinking i was going to tell you he was doing off-broadway theater . you silly goose . well , gabe kaplan isn't in the movie rounders , nor is the film about the actor come gambler's life . but rounders is about poker , and gabe plays poker , and i thought that was kind of a neat connection . sorry about the segue , or lack thereof . matt damon plays mike mcdermott , a law student who also has a singular talent for the game of poker . he's been playing for a while , and more than being proficient , he has caught the bug . he goes to all the underground games in new york city , knows the regulars , and knows how to win . in the beginning of the film , he's built up a nice thirty grand nest egg , which he takes to the speakeasy-type gaming parlor where the big boys play . mike is there to make his bid into the upper echelon by staking it all against teddy kgb ( john malkovich ) , an oreo-munching cardshark with ties to the russian mafia . mike has the potential to take a large pot and go to vegas and buy into the world series of poker , but instead he loses it all in a single hand . months later , he's paying his way through law school by driving a delivery truck . when mike's best friend and poker buddy worm ( edward norton ) finishes his jail term for hustling some students , he wants to pick up right were they left off , working as a team to part others with their betting cash . although mike has stopped playing cards as a promise to his girlfriend and fellow law student , jo ( gretchen mol ) , worm connives mike into playing once more , and mike , bitten again by the bug , slides down that slippery slope , risking his relationship , education , and reputation as playing poker again becomes the focus of his life . to make a film about gambling , a filmmaker will usually have to play up the glamorous side to get the audience behind the characters . this is because few moviegoers will care a whole lot about some guy in a leisure suit or terry cloth shirt sitting at a folding card table with a stogie in his mouth . rounders , however , seems to go more for the latter than the former . the card clubs mike and worm frequent aren't very glamorous at all . there's a basement , a lodge with elk heads on the wall , a goulash joint - these are the kinds of locales in which director john dahl sets his shots . except for one brief instance when the two players visit atlantic city , the film is bereft of the flashing lights of the casinos or the pleasant color of the green felt table . the reason rounders still captures our attention is because it is less about the game of poker than it is about the personalities which enjoy and are slaves to it . we're given a nice set of interesting characters with clear motivations , and good actors to play them . matt damon is very natural as mike , who struggles between his desire to play the straight and narrow by finishing law school , and answering what may be his true calling , playing professional poker . ed norton's worm is truly a worm , always looking for the angle and playing everyone for what they're worth . john turturro , who amazes me with his acting range , tones it down in this film by playing joey knish , a virtual poker prodigy in his time who now plays the underground games to make rent and child support payments . he's both a friend and mentor to mike , and turturro's low-key performance is totally convincing , just as john malkovich's heavily-accented teddy kgb is imposing as an adversarial dragon mike must slay to prove himself . martin landau is also thrown into the mix as one of mike's law professors , abe petrovsky . while landau slips well into the role , his character , spitting out personal anecdotes about staying true to one's self , facilitates the channeling of the storyline toward a predictable ending . perhaps the weak link in the otherwise formidable line-up of acting talent , however , is gretchen mol who just didn't seem to have much presence on screen . she's a genuine peach to look at , kind of a cross between actress renee zellweger and singer jewel ( and i wouldn't be surprised if the three of them formed some kind of blond-haired triumvirate and attempted to take over the world ) , but her delivered lines seemed very flat , and i found myself looking for matt damon's reactions instead . a good thing about rounders is that it doesn't get bogged down in the character development and statement making so much that it can't find time for humor . the film is peppered nicely with scenes that both make you laugh and keep the pacing going , such as a sequence where mike and worm move rapidly around new york from one game to the next , in widely different locales . one game in a cigar club had me in stitches . " i love the sweetness of this dark maduro wrapper , " says one of the players , clearly more interested in displaying his pretentiousness over the cigar in one hand than in the cards in his other . i was hoping mike and worm would really take these guys . with all the poker being played , rounders had the potential to be very confusing . you might think you know a lot about poker , but think again . luckily , we're given a narration by damon during the more intricate moments to explain what's going on . the narrations are more informative than intrusive , and apprise us of what the stakes are and why certain players want to do the things they do . it's nice that as the characters develop , so does our comprehension of their world . as a film about success and survival in the realm of underground poker , rounders delivers in spades . wait ! as a film about the culture of cards , rounders is an ace . hang on ! packed with great acting and great characters , rounders is a full house . okay , i guess that's enough . oh , by the way , if you ever want to get into a game with ol' gabe kaplan , be sure to bring a note from epstein's mother . 
you've got to love disney . no matter what they serve up , it is a guaranteed success as long as it's animated . kids have to go see the movie . then they have to get the toys . oh , the video came out ? got to buy it , or risk little billy's temper tantrums for the next month . all of this culminates in the childhood equivalent of a pilgrimage to mecca : a visit to the magic kingdom . stay at the disneyland hotel ! buy a disney t-shirt ! eat an ice cream mickey mouse on a stick ! it's both a vertical and horizontal monopoly when you think about it . dale carnegie should have had it so good . what's most amazing is that all this success is in spite of a severe lack of originality . you see , disney animated features these days have two components : theme and plot . the theme changes with each new movie ; the plot does not . the plot is a mold into which the characters of some ancient fable are dropped , and try as they might to rise above the characters of previous features , they are nearly always destined to do no more than the same . however , while the success of a disney animated feature is generally a given as far as box-office receipts , merchandising dollars , and glimmers in the eyes of little children , critically they are as varied as anything else that hollywood has to offer . luckily , disney's latest animated offering , mulan , manages to be engaging and refreshing , even while rife with formula . the film starts with the invasion of ancient china by the huns , led by the imposing shan-yu ( miguel ferrer ) . soon , china's emperor ( pat morita ) mobilizes his armies and decrees that one male from each family in the country shall serve to fight in china's defense . when the fa family is served notice , it is the elderly father , fa zhou ( soon-tek oh ) who must answer the call , as there are no other males in the household . fearing her father will surely be killed in battle , fa mulan ( ming-na wen ) disguises herself as a man and sneaks off with the royal orders to join the chinese army . mulan , based on a chinese epic poem , is a classic tale of the triumph of the ugly duckling . mulan herself is a disgrace to her loving family , as she has a difficult time fitting into the traditional woman's role , and in a very amusing scene where a matchmaker attempts to assess her value to a potential husband , we see that " grace " is not one of her strong points . very early on , we are presented with the high importance of bringing honor to one's family , and by botching her chance at gaining the favor of the matchmaker , mulan fails at that task . by leaving home to fight in her father's place , she may not only spare his life , but bring honor , too . as is the case with most disney musicals , the songs are first rate and pervasive throughout the film . i'm not sure if they will get much airplay , but at least one of the songs will no doubt receive recognition come oscar time . both lea salonga , who provides the singing voice for mulan , and donny osmond who sings for shang , the captain of mulan's army unit and obligatory love interest , are more than competent , although salonga's voice translates much better to animation . you have to hear it to understand . interestingly , the musical numbers which are so often done with big flourishes are surprisingly muted in mulan . there is no significantly big number , which is customary as the second or third song in a disney film , but this does not detract significantly from the rest of the movie . it is , however , an expectation which has been built by disney's own formulaic history , and some viewers may feel as if something is missing . artistically , the animators have chosen to adopt the more subdued pastels of chinese artwork , and although this may not live up to the vibrance so associated with many of the other disney works , it helps to contribute a more authentic , and therefore more credible , nature to what otherwise may be seen as a typically " disneyfied " ethnic tale . there are also a couple of visually standout scenes , one involving the charge of shan-yu's hun army , which utilizes the same computer-enhanced imagery disney animators have employed since the chandelier in beauty and the beast . the other scene worth mentioning is so quick you might miss it . when mulan resolves to take her father's place , she dons her father's old battle armor , and unsheathes a sword . as she does so , you can see her reflection in the polished metal . it just left me thinking , " that was really cool . " a wonderful range of performances delight the audience throughout the film , varying from the straight , such as soon-tek oh as fa zhou , to the comical , such as harvey fierstein as yao , a gruff , pugilistic member of shang's conscripted army . even more outrageous is eddie murphy as mushu , the diminutive guardian dragon sent to look after mulan . although an obvious attempt to relive the chemistry brought forth by robin williams in aladdin , murphy nevertheless distinguishes himself with his own winning performance . i found the choice of b . d . wong as shang a little strange ( you may remember him as martin short's wedding planner assistant in the father of the bride ) , but they used robbie benson for the voice of the beast in beauty and the beast , so i guess anything's possible . in any event , wong performs admirably as well . one character which provides a significant amount of humor is grandmother fa . she deserves recognition not only because of the levity she brings to the movie , but also because she is voiced by two very remarkable people . june foray , who supplies grandmother fa's speaking voice , is a venerable voice actress who may be best known for her work as rocky the squirrel and natasha fatale ( as in boris and natasha ) . marni nixon , who provides grandmother fa's singing voice , is the same vocalist who dubbed the voices for anna in the king and i , maria in west side story , and eliza in my fair lady . with this in mind , hearing grandmother fa is like listening to a little piece of history . mulan is the latest disney animated feature to get away from some of the eurocentrism which for so long dominated disney films . in an effort to be culturally sensitive ( and to avoid a " miss saigon " -type debacle ) , disney has also wisely chosen to employ many asian-american actors for both lead and supporting roles . in addition to the actors already mentioned , the cast includes such ubiquitous talents as james hong , gedde watanabe , james shigeta , and george takei . i guess clyde kusatsu wasn't available . at a running time of slightly under an hour and a half , mulan moves quickly and provides solid entertainment for both children and , happily , adults . this is the kind of disney feature that makes you wonder what they will do next , rather than hope that the next one is better . 
i must admit that i was a tad skeptical of " good will hunting " , based both on the previews and the first fifteen minutes of the film , in which the main character will hunting ( matt damon ) , an mit janitor in his early twenties , is discovered to be an einstein-level closet genius when he solves two extraordinarily difficult math problems overnight . the only problem is that will is a tough street kid who's had his share of run-ins with the law , and before long he's being hauled in for assault after a parking lot fight . professor lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) , who had brought up the math problems in his lectures , tracks him down and strikes a deal with the police : will is to be released , provided he works with lambeau on his math research regularly and attends therapy sessions . this sounds like the formula for mildly charming fluff , but " good will hunting " rises above its fairly mundane premise to deliver a poignant and clever drama . a conflict gradually emerges between lambeau and will's therapist sean mcguire ( robin williams ) - lambeau wants to get will to use his brain , while sean wants him to listen to his heart , both of which he has been largely neglecting . will finds that the former is much easier than the latter , so much so , in fact , that he gets bored with it and grows increasingly resistant to lambeau's attempts to recruit him into the academic lifestyle . he also has his share of problems with his girlfriend skylar ( minnie driver ) , an mit student who is moving to california at the end of the school year and would like a reluctant will to come with her . what makes " good will hunting " work so well , aside from the strong performances ( especially from damon and williams ) , is the depth of characterization and the representation of the conflicts in will's life . the script's sympathies seem to lie more with sean mcguire than with lambeau , but neither of them is presented as completely right or wrong . lambeau , while he may seem a little cold at times , is still written well enough that we like him as a character even when we're not sure if we like what he has to say . and sean , for all his warm-heartedness , has , as lambeau and later will point out , not lived up to his full intellectual potential either ; the therapy sessions turn out to be just as revelatory for sean as they do for will . will's reaction to this situation , and the way in which he slowly becomes more receptive to skylar and to sean , is presented in a believable fashion and in a way that forces the audience to consider all the characters' opinions , rather than setting up an obvious " right " and " wrong " side and beating them over the head with it . for a film with such an extraordinary character , " good will hunting " presents itself as remarkably ordinary ; it achieves the difficult task of making the next albert einstein into an everyman , a character to whom the audience can easily relate and who must make choices similar to those that almost everyone faces at one time or another . this film gives us real drama when it so easily could have given us merely melodrama , by having the government kidnap will to use him in covert spy missions or introducing some other equally far-fetched situation . " good will hunting " also has its share of fun humor , such as when will , in an early therapy session , pretends to be hypnotized and smoothly parodies the alien abduction scenarios that have become so well known in popular culture . and in the one scene in which government agents do in fact appear , will blows them off with a hilariously scathing accusation of human rights violations in africa . will's relationship with his friends , most notably chucky ( ben affleck ) , is usually rather amusing , if somewhat crude ( the film has 100 + uses of the 'f' word , which was most likely the reason for its r-rating ) , and lends itself well to the development of will's character . add all this to the fact that " good will hunting " even manages to pull off an uplifting happy ending without getting excessively sentimental , and you might be wondering why i haven't given this film four stars . well , for one thing , no matter how well damon and affleck , who wrote the screenplay , and director gus van sant pull it off , the story is still rather contrived and not particularly original . there are also a few scenes that did feel a bit formulaic , including one that was supposed to be emotional but really just seemed like the obligatory crying scene for any movie involving therapy sessions . still , " good will hunting " takes its premise a lot farther than i thought it would , and is definitely one of the better personal dramas i have seen in the last few years , and as of right now it stands as one of the top five on my list of '97 films . 
from the moment i saw trailers for lost in space , i knew i would probably like it . i am a junky when it comes to `90s science fiction , especially star trek and the x-files . now , after watching the dvd of lost in space , i can say that none of my expectations for the film were bashed . okay , space is not a very good film , but it kept me entertained for two hours . this is the film that knocked titanic off the top spot on the box office charts earlier last year . the movie adaptation of the schlocky `60s television series . the show was a cheesy bore . the movie version is the same thing , but , with lively visuals and a nice cast . it's amazing what special effects can do for a film ; space is a mighty achievement in brain candy . the story tells of the ( space ) family robinson , who's goal is to travel to a distant planet ( i forget the name ) to make sure it can be colonized , for earth will not last two more years , in the year 2043 . this is the only movie to feature a whole family , even the 10-year old kid , as scientists and astronauts . when the robinsons launch to space , a scientist ( gary oldman ) , who was hiding in the ship's bowels , takes over the controls , while the family are in hibernation , and accidentally send the ship to a different galaxy through some space-gate or whatnot . lost in space suffers from the usual hollywood cliches and over the top action scenes that completely destroyed films like armageddon and con air . but , it does have a nice sense of adventure not found in many sci-fi movies anymore . but , i have seen a number of better sci-fi films within the past two years , including the x-files , star trek : insurrection , event horizon , and sphere . plus , the movie kept switching from kid-friendly fluff to scary monster flick . the dvd features a number of fascinating tidbits , including a music video ( for the annoying song that plays during the end credits ) , original cast interviews , a director commentary , and special effects featurette . however , i was very disappointed with the soundtrack . low and unspectacular . 
running time : 90 minutes ( 1 hour 30 minutes ) starring jon favreau , vince vaughn and heather graham directed by doug liman another 'independent film' , this comedy , which was brought by miramax for $5 million , is good fun . favreau and vaughn ( the lost world : jurassic park , 1997 ) play mike and trent , two everyday 20somethings on the lookout for women . the film just basically follows their plight on the lookout for lurve , and along the way we get to meet some of their friends , see their attempts at chatting up girls , and just basically get a insight into their lives . and all of this is great fun . swingers doesn't rely on huge special effects , or big name stars to provide entertainment . no , it just has a great script and superb little known actors . the script , by favreau , is great . mike is always missing is girlfriend , who hasn't called him for six months , and every time he meets a girl , he always end up telling her about the ex . the audience feels for this pathetic little man , thanks to the great script . vaughn is 'the money' ( swingers speak for 'the best' ) as the womanizing trent , always on the lookout for a new girl . some of his chat-up lines are awful , but he always seems to get the girl thanks to his 'hard man' nature . vaughns character also gets the best laugh in the film , towards the end in a diner . the conversations that go on between mike and trent are great , but it never quite reaches tarantino standards ( which i suspect the film was trying to reach . ) there are some excellent , laugh out loud jokes in the film , and some superbly funny set pieces ( such as favreau cringe-worhy battle with a answer machine that always cut him off before he finishes his sentence . embarrassing to him , hilarious to the audience . ) mike & trents friends are also good , although there characters seem a bit underwritten , and we never really learn as much as we would like about them . although this is primarily mike and trents film , it would of been nice to learn a bit more about their friends . they just seem to wander aimlessly in the background . but again , the lines they say are usually pretty good , and they do have some funny parts . it's just a shame that they didn't have more meatier roles . the acting is superb . as said above , vaughn is superb as trent , he's definitely the best thing in the film . favreau is also good , acting as 'the little man' very well , and the way he always feels sorry for himself is very funny . graham ( boogie nights , 1997 ) has a small but good role as lorraine , a girl mike finally falls in love with . she hardly features in the film at all , but she still manages to make an impact on the audience . swingers , then , is funny , but it does have some flaws . firstly , the running time is a bit too short . the film comes to an abrupt halt , and i actually wanted the film to carry on longer . it never really comes to a satisfying conclusion , which is a shame , as most films are too long ! also , this type of film has been done too many times , such as sleep with me ( 1994 ) . but these small flaws don't really spoil what is a funny , entertaining comedy . 
the disney studios has its formula for annual , full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment . once again we have a tale focused around a strong central character ( female as usual ; disney is one of the few studios whose heroines--ariel , belle , pocahontas , and now mulan--get equal screen time with their heroes in recent years ) . add the requisite love interest and a wise-cracking sidekick or two , pep up the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed show tunes ( an introspective number by a pool or looking in a mirror , a rousing anthem , a cutesy , montage-backed crowd pleaser ) , pose a few threats to our engaging lead , and tie things all up neatly by the closing credits . bob's your uncle ! 
er is een leuke vondst in deze film . in het amerika van " the gingerbread man " woedt er een grote orkaan , genaamd geraldo . met deze naam verwijst ohn grisham naar de onderwerpen in deze film : scheidingen , ontvoeringen , mysterieuze sektes , stoere advocaten en drugsverslaving . met " the gingerbread man " heeft grisham dus een andere weg ingeslagen . samen met regisseur robert altman heeft hij ervoor gezorgd dat deze film een stuk realistischer is dan de anderen . rick magruder ( kenneth branagh ) is een succesvolle advocaat , die gescheiden is van leeanne ( famke janssen ) en niet vaak z'n kinderen ziet . na een grote zaak gewonnen te hebben , gaat hij terug naar z'n kantoor om de overwinning met z'n collega's te vieren . aan het einde van de avond heeft magruder genoeg op en besluit terug naar huis te rijden . dan ziet hij dat iemand een auto steelt en er meteen mee vandoor gaat . de eigenaresse van de wagen , serveerster mallory doss ( embeth davidtz ) , blijft alleen achter . magruder biedt z'n hulp aan en samen rijden ze naar haar huis . eenmaal aangekomen ontdekken ze dat haar auto nu voor het huis geparkeerd is . doss gaat samen met magruder voorzichtig naar binnen , in de veronderstelling dat de dief nu binnen is . de deur is open , de televisie staat aan en de lichten zijn nu opeens volop aan het schijnen . het komt doss zeer bekend voor en al snel heeft ze in de gaten wat er aan de hand is : haar vader dixon doss ( robert duvall ) , lid van een mysterieuze groep , is weer begonnen met 'stalken' . magruder wilt haar graag helpen en geeft deze zaak aan clyde ( robert downey jr . ) , die graag aan de drank zit . de vader wordt snel gevonden en naar de rechtbank gebracht . daar wordt hij schuldig bevonden . luid protesterend gaat hij naar de gevangenis . magruder en doss denken nu dat de zaak gesloten is . fout . de rest van de sekte weet dixon uit de gevangenis te halen , zodat hij weer kan beginnen met het stalken van z'n dochter . met nu iin verschil : de kinderen van magruder worden nu ook bedreigd . magruder krijgt het benauwd en haalt in een paniekerige bui z'n kinderen van schhool . maar dat blijkt niet genoeg te zijn . . . dat robert altman de regisseur is van deze film , is te merken . " the gingerbread man " druipt namelijk van de sfeer . met veel regen , stormen en orkanen wordt de toon gezet voor duistere , persoonlijke zaken . het geeft de film iets bijzonders , net zoals de mooie openingsschne . ook zorgt de orkaan 'geraldo' voor veel spannende momenten , want het is in feite een voorbode van wat er gebeuren zal . ondanks de eerder genoemde pluspunten blijft " the gingerbread man " een doorsnee thriller . de rol van tom berenger als pete randle , ex-man van mallory doss , is zo klein , dat het net zo goed weggeschreven kon worden . ook zijn er veel gaten in het verhaal , zodat de kijker vaak in het duister moet tasten . niettemin is deze thriller van robert altman een intrigerende , sfeervolle film . de ouwe kerel heeft z'n stijl niet verloren . 
steven phillips ( brooks ) is sitting in a posh restaurant with a young studio executive that says he's lost his edge . " what can i do to fix it ? " brooks asks , but he says it's beyond fixing . " but i just got the humanitarian award ! " he fires back , " oh come on , everyone gets that . " the muse is a perfect example of the way that young hollywood stars and executives are shaping what type of movies that we see in the next millennium . it also shows what this young movement does to the aging workers who've been there awhile . when steven sees a mysterious woman getting into a cab when he comes to ask his friend jack warrick ( jeff bridges ) for advice he at first begins to think that he is having an affair . but in his desperation , jack feels sorry for him and tells him that she is a muse . a muse is a child of zeus and is supposed to inspire all creativity . ( just a little update for those of us who didn't pay attention in history . ) steven decides to consult the muse , ( stone ) who turns to want more than anybody in hollywood are paying for their services . decked out in a four seasons suite , she makes him be at her beck and call , in exchange he's starting to form an idea about a jim carrey comedy in a water park . she also helps inspire steven's wife laura ( andie mcdowell ) to become the next mrs . fields . she two investigators of a local mentor hospital show up at the front door looking for her . . . they begin to wonder . the film turns in a great performance by stone . her wackiness reminded me of some of her craziness scenes in casino . albert brooks also turns in a fine screenplay that constantly moving and funny . but the film also raises the idea of what will happen when the sarah michelle gellar's of today turn 30 ? what will happen to the industry then ? if your looking for a fun film to see , go out and see the muse which gets * * * stars . the young-uns : the film contains a brief view of sharon stone's butt . good age 7 & up a review by frankie paiva the 12 year-old movie reviewer e-mail me at swpstke@aol . com visit my website at : http : //expage . com/page/teenagemoviecritic 
the grim reaper comes to earth in the delectable form of brad pitt in martin ( scent of a woman ) brest's $90 million remake of the 1934 romantic comedy death takes a holiday . pitt plays death , who adapts a human form to learn more about what makes us mere mortals tick . he has ostensibly come to claim william parrish ( anthony hopkins ) , a self-made millionaire , but decides to spend a week in his company learning more about the human condition . parrish is the only one aware of pitt's true identity , and he introduces the enigmatic stranger to his family as joe black . it is the week of parrish's 65th birthday , and his oldest daughter allison ( marcia gay harden , from flubber , etc ) is planning a lavish party . parrish also has to deal with a take-over bid from a business rival who wants to strip his global communication company and sell off its assets . he also has to deal with treachery from within his own board . parrish has plenty of time to come to terms with his own mortality and the legacy that he will leave behind . meanwhile , joe falls heavily in love with parrish's beautiful young daughter susan ( claire forlani , sean connery's daughter in the rock , etc ) . as with his character in the recent seven years in tibet , pitt's human incarnation of death undergoes a spiritual transformation , as he comes to learn about love , loss and the pain of being human . inevitably , some hard choices will have to be made , both by joe and parrish . meet joe black explores some wonderful themes and ideas , and the climax delivers a superb emotional payoff . unfortunately , it takes far too long to get there . brest's deliberately languid direction perfectly suits the occasionally sombre tone of the material , but , at nearly three hours long , the pace tends to drag and many in the audience will tire of the film . the 1934 version told much the same story in half the time . with judicious trimming of some unnecessary padding , meet joe black would be tighter and far more enjoyable . however , the film does have its compensations . it looks fabulous , thanks to the opulent production design of dante ferretti , a favourite of scorsese , and the warm cinematography of emmanuel lubezki . there is also the usual strong performance from the dependable hopkins . and pitt and forlani make a handsome , attractive couple - eye candy for the younger generation . the camera loves pitt , and seems to caress his blue eyes , his seductive smile and his air of boyish innocence . if only death always looked this good then we might be more willing to go quietly into that dark night . meeting joe black is not such a bad experience , it just could have been so much more enjoyable and memorable ! 
story by jonas pate , josh pate , michael wexler , peter glatzer . screenplay by jonas pate and josh pate . directed by jonas pate . starring craig scheffer , gabrielle anwar , josh charles . rated r ( contains violence and profanity ) 90 mins . synopsis : a raspy-voiced prisoner about to be executed tells a priest a story about a bunch of exconvicts , parolees , and crooked cops who plunder graves to find the key to a fortune . comments : the grave runs like a movie-length episode of " tales from the crypt . " whether or not you like this movie would depend largely upon whether or not you like the gory antics , which are often played humorously , of the cryptkeeper's comic book stories . it's certainly not for everyone . the grave , like one of those fables from " tales from the crypt , " features dumb-as-rocks , surreal characters who greedily screw each other over to gain treasure . the plot's mystery is laughably , almost painfully , obvious . the humor , dark as it is , comes from watching despicable characters bumble around , trying to figure out things which normal people would easily grasp . one must throw realism out the door to appreciate a movie like this . the grave , once the shadowy narrator has begun the tale , opens in north carolina . upon hearing about a grave which holds the key to buried treasure , two convicts escape their prison and trek around the countryside in a mini-odyssey to get to this grave . one of them doesn't make it far due to a gunshot wound . in the meantime , a number of dimwitted characters come in and out of the picture . each one has a remarkedly disgusting tale to tell , but most of them , surprisingly , have something rather insightful to say somewhere in their blatherings . the storyline , though inconceivably unrealistic ( the convicts , for example , * easily * escape prison and hang out in obvious places which authorities would check out ) , plays out interestingly enough . the secret of the grave is comically apparent even though it takes three moonlit trips to the graveyard for the bad guys to figure it out . the mystery of the narrator's identity will keep most people guessing until it's revealed at the end , though . the actors do a suitable job for a film of this nature . they seem universally unappealing , which is exactly how they should be viewed . the attractive b-movie actress gabrielle anwar does a particularly nice job portraying the smarmy girlfriend of one of the convicts . veteran film actors anthony michael hall and eric roberts also put in enjoyable performances here . even if one likes films of this genre ( a suspense film , bordering on comedy , populated by anti-heroes in darkly cartoonish situations ) , he would find faults with this movie . some of the scenes which try to be morbidly humorous fall flat . plus , the exaggerated country / southern dialects become tired at times and prove hard to follow at other times . all in all , however , the grave is an entertaining cheap turkey for those who like black comedy . between the goofy hick characters and the soundtrack ( a catchy , eclectic mix of fiddles , banjos , guitars , mandolins , and harmonicas ) , it seems somewhat unique . i'll give it a qualified , passing recommendation . 
i've noticed something lately that i've never thought of before . pseudo- substance - hollywood faking deep meanings in their films . have you ever seen a movie that you really enjoyed , then when you look back , you realize there was something missing ? more and more , filmmakers seem to be putting out well rehearsed , melodramatic films that evoke strong connotations of being a great film , but if you step aside and reflect on your movie going experience , you may just discover nothing more than elegantly presented fluff . i'm not trying to say city of angels is that bad . it had a lot going for it , but somewhere along the way , it faltered . somehow , underneath the seemingly poetic beauty of it all , there was a gigantic hole somebody covered with iridescent performances and glossy cinematography . the predictable ending that shattered our hopes ( even though we saw it coming ) only added to the disappointment . but for over an hour , city of angels is well worth the time . nicolas cage is seth , a guardian angel who , like hundreds ( likely thousands or even millions ) of other angels , spends eternity watching over the citizens of mortality ; humans never aware of how much celestial intervention occurs in their life . meg ryan , in her most subdued performance yet , plays maggie , a doctor who begins to ponder exactly who it is we're fighting against when we fight to keep someone alive . after losing a patient on the surgery table , these questions envelope maggie , and seth , the angel who was there to oversee the patient's transition into the afterlife , is immediately captivated by the doctor . he begins following and observing maggie , falling more and more in love with her everyday . angels , who we quickly learn are not and never were humans , can not experience human sensations such as taste and touch , but they do have the ability to make themselves seen to anyone they desire . seth's adoration is too much to resist , and eventually he does appear to maggie , quite regularly , although such a thing seems taboo among the angelic community . the angels are interestingly presented , all of them dressed in black and more reminiscent of hitmen than traditional glowing white entities , but it's a nice touch that never seems like a mere attempt at uniqueness . cage is a wonderfully versatile actor ( think face/off , raising arizona , and it could happen to you - what a combo ! ) who slips into the role of a heavenly agent quite nicely but threatens sappiness more than once . it's nice to see ryan pick up roles like this and the one in courage under fire . the two aren't very comparable to each other , but they both deviate from her usual " intelligently ditzy " romantic comedy roles , and it's an impressive side of ryan movie goers rarely have the chance to enjoy . but even though the two leads do an impressive job , it is dennis franz who grabs us with his interpretation of a hospital patient who knows more than meets the eye . it's a shame that with so much going for it , city of angels falters so much in its final stages , leaving us with the realization that an emotionally incredible movie was out there , they just didn't know quite how to get to it . they struggle for an impacting conclusion and wind up with painful thud rather than an exhilarating high . filmmakers should know your final impression will be the one you linger on , remember , and convey to others thru word of mouth , so after telling us for 60 + minutes that this film is a glorious masterpiece , they sure leave us with a disheartening taste of mediocrity in our mouths . based on the german film wings of desire ( that being the english title , of course ) , city of angels is ninety percent success , enough to make most people forgive its shortcomings , even the devastatingly disappointing ending . most movie goers , the non-cynics anyway , will be too wrapped up in the surreal atmosphere to give criticism to that which needs to be criticized . nonetheless , city of angels is beautifully captivating , which is probably enough to satisfy those poetic viewers who will appreciate a delve into rich emotional territories . 
directed by sam raimi . cast : cate blanchett , greg kinnear , giovanni ribisi , katie holmes , hilary swank , keanu reeves , kim dickens , gary cole , michael jeter , j . k . simmons , rosemary harris , chelcie ross , john beasley , danny elfman . 2000 - 111 minutes rated r ( for violence , profanity , sexual situations , and nudity ) . reviewed by dustin putman , january 20 , 2001 . gothic murder-mystery yarns are not a new conceit . in fact , they've been around in books and on film for many , many years . without the proper handling , they come off as old-fashioned , bland , and outdated . " the gift , " directed by sam raimi , is a tried-and-true effort that surprises very little , and includes everything from a wide array of suspects and red herrings , to mansions in the deep south with moss trees out front , to the eventual discovery of a waterlogged corpse found in a nearby pond . it's fairly obvious who the killer is ; in fact , i predicted who it would be before the movie began and was correct in my preliminary suspicions . the film ultimately shouldn't work , but it does , thanks to a sparkling cast that fills each character with so many memorable nuances , the most fun to be had is in simply watching the people interact with each other . annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) is a recently widowed mother of three sons who makes her living giving psychic readings to the residents of her backwater southern hometown . some of her mainstay clients include valerie barksdale ( hilary swank ) , who is severely abused by her husband donnie ( keanu reeves ) , and buddy cole ( giovanni ribisi ) , an unstable mechanic who is confused by the nightmares he's been having about a mysterious blue diamond that is somehow linked to his father . for annie , she does not give the readings merely for money , but uses it as a way of seeking solace in finding the good in everyone's future . her late grandmother ( rosemary harris ) told her as a child that it was a gift she was given , and she should always remember that . when annie's eldest son is involved in a fight at school , she meets the nice-guy school principal , wayne collins ( greg kinnear ) , whom she finds herself attracted to . but wayne is engaged to the wealthy jessica king ( katie holmes ) , whom annie immediately gets a negative vibe about . at a party with her best friend linda ( kim dickens ) , annie stumbles upon jessica in a compromising position with lawyer david duncan ( gary cole ) . soon after , jessica has disappeared , leaving everyone in a frenzy over what could have possibly happened to her , and annie starts to have nightmares and apparitions linking jessica with the vicious redneck donnie barksdale , and the pond behind his home . " the gift " may be cliched on a sheer storytelling level , but the performances and tight direction from raimi ( who has redeemed himself for his embarrassing last film , 1999's " for love of the game " ) lift the picture up several notches . slowly enveloping the viewer into the many intriguing characters and their individual plights , the disappearance of jessica at the 30-minute mark divulges the movie's true intentions and transforms the proceedings into a taut , at times frightening , horror-mystery . at the center of the film is the exceptional cate blanchett ( 1999's " the talented mr . ripley " ) , who turns annie wilson from what could have been little more than a run-of-the-mill protagonist into a very exact , down-to-earth , realistic person with valid troubles and a caring attitude towards those around her . blanchett takes the unextraordinary material and runs with it , giving the entire film a truly classy aura that it otherwise might not have had . we follow her at every turn because she is so mesmerizing , both as a character and an actress . blanchett isn't the only bright performer , as she is ably supported by one of the best casts of the year . in her first role following her oscar win for 1999's " boys don't cry , " hilary swank is excellent as the confused valerie , who seeks guidance from annie , but is too scared to take her biggest advice of all : to leave the grossly abusive donnie . as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000's " the watcher " ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all . for the often-criticized reeves , whose acting abilities have never been the best , this is the biggest compliment he could possibly get , and it is also one of the better performances he has given . giovanni ribisi ( 2000's " the boiler room " ) is heartbreaking as a mentally slow young man who sees annie as his only friend , and wants her to do nothing but help him understand why he is being plagued by bad dreams about his dad . in the small , but pivotal role of the sleazy jessica king , katie holmes ( 2000's " wonder boys " ) has turned in yet another stunning supporting turn . her promiscuous role of jessica is one she has never played before , and she is radiant in her few scenes . finally , kim dickens ( 2000's " hollow man " ) makes her usual strong impression as annie's spicy best friend , linda . the other notable aspect of " the gift " is its moody atmosphere that lays such a thickly foreboding air over every scene it's almost suffocating . thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is that rarest of thrillers that actually thrills , and offers up a fair share of chills , too . it may not be groundbreakingly original , but it sure is an entertaining ride for the duration of its running time . - copyright 2001 by dustin putman http : //us . imdb . com/reviewsby ? dustin + putman http : //www . atnzone . com 
at one point during brian de palma's crime epic scarface , the radiant michelle pfeiffer turns to a ranting al pacino and pops a question that the audience has no doubt been wanting to ask for themselves : " can't you stop saying 'fuck' all the time ? " fucking good question , that . it may not be an honour that instills the filmmakers with pride , but as far as i can tell oliver stone's script contains the said expletitive more times than any other film in cinema history . yet it would be a shame if bad language is all de palma's scarface is remembered for , because this is a damn fine gangstar flick . the overall structure is similar to howard hawks' 1932 original , but this time the scene has switched to miami , florida and our anti-hero's chosen vice is cocaine traffiking . pacino , sporting a thick cuban accent , gives one the best performances of his career ( golden globe nominated ) as tony montana , a cuban refugee with a criminal past who flees castro and comes to america to live the american dream . and live it out he does , with lashings of violence , abuse , murder and the funny white powder . from his earliest jobs as a drug runner for various middlemen , tony montana makes it clear to everyone he meets that he's not a man to be fucked ( sorry ) . soon he's the king of the cocaine heap , but his hot head and an increasingly out of control drug addiction prove his undoing . " never do your own stash " , warns one character early in the film . as sure as night follows day , the emperor of miami eventually falls . writer oliver stone and director brian de palma make an explosive combination here . stone's script offers solid storytelling and some fine character development . montana is fascinating ; uneducated but calculating , a straight shooter who speaks from the heart ; an ambitious , violent man yet one with a conscience . a man fiercely protective of his beautiful 20 year old sister , not wanting her to be sucked into the glitzy , dangerous world which he inhabits . pacino is dynamite , taking to the role with a brooding , bristling energy which in his more recent films has often degenerated into just simple overracting . pfeiffer also registers strongly as the gangstar mole with no inner life . only once does tony express real affection for her and his desire to have children , and even then you sense all he really wants is a regular screw and a beautiful object to show off to his friends , and she's happy to oblige . this isn't as meaty a role for pfieffer as sharon stone's was in casino , but its an effective one nonetheless and she aquits herself well . as director , de palma sets up a number of dramatic scenes with his typical stylistic brauva . the escalating tension he creates in various mob situations - a drug deal gone wrong , an assination attempt - is often thrilling , and in this respect he is every bit the equal of scorese and coppola . where he differs from , say , coppola's godfather trilogy is in his overall treatment . coppola gives his crime sagas an operatic sweep , whereas in scarface de palma opts for a grittier feel . and it perfectly suits the material . the only major botch is giorgio moroder's mostly crap synthesier score . it's just not right , and unfortunately compromises the impact of some otherwise good scenes . as expected , scarface is very violent at times , but you shouldn't be watching gangster movies if that upsets you . at over two and a half hours in length it's a true epic , and if you're a fan of the genre you'll love f * * k-filled minute of it . 
synopsis : in this movie , steven spielberg , one of today's finest directors , attempts to spice up the 1800s story of a long courtroom battle over the fate of prisoner cinque ( djimon hounsou ) - - a young angry man from sierra leone who was kidnapped into slavery - - and his fellow prisoners . cinque and friends have landed a ship on the shores of america after escaping spanish slave traders , but since the americans don't speak cinque's language , the black men are hauled into court to determine whether or not they are legally slaves . technically , since the international slave trade was outlawed at that time , people like cinque couldn't be kidnapped into slavery ; one had to be born a slave to be legally considered a slave . lawyers baldwin and adams ( matthew mcconaughey and anthony hopkins ) must prove cinque and the others were captured into slavery , rather than born slaves , in order to get them out of prison as free men . three lengthy court cases are portrayed with spielberg's trademark panache - - flashy beginning , lots of facial close-ups , big music , and dramatic imagery . a final speech by adams is followed by an anticlimax where subtitles show what eventually happened to the various characters . opinion : making a fictional movie is easier than making one about real life . in fiction , one invents purposeful , clear-cut good guys and bad guys , puts the fictional characters in conflict , and takes the tale to its exciting conclusion . real life , however , consists of long stretches of boredom with a few dramatic moments and characters who stand around , think thoughts and do nothing , or come and go before events are resolved . spielberg gives us a visually spicy and historically accurate real life story . djimon hounsou and anthony hopkins turn in excellent performances . 
director : john madden cast : joseph fiennes , gwyneth paltrow , geoffrey rush , ben affleck , colin firth , judi dench , simon callow screenplay : marc norman , tom stoppard producers : donna gigliotti , marc norman , david parfitt , harvey weinstein , edward zwick runtime : 122 min . us distribution : universal rated r : sex , nudity , brief profanity copyright 1998 nathaniel r . atchesonplaywright tom stoppard and screenwriter marc norman took on an astonishingly difficult task : they wanted to write a script about william shakespeare that parallels shakespeare's works . they also wanted to poke fun at the way all of us envision shakespeare : i mean , really , who doesn't think of shakespeare as a guy seething with so much passion that he can barely write a play without exploding into a passionate , introspective verbal couplet of iambic pentameter ? stoppard and norman are men who love shakespeare , and they wanted to make a movie for everyone else who loves shakespeare . and , despite the difficulty of their task , they have succeeded . shakespeare in love is one of the smartest , funniest , most touching films of the year . it's so rare that a picture with such high aspirations succeeds in all of its endeavors , but here we have a movie that defines success : it is at once charmingly acted and flawlessly written . it could have been a smug , self-important movie that panders to die-hard shakespeare fans , but the appeal of this film is almost universal : if you've ever read a play by shakespeare , or know anything about his life , it's likely that you'll find grand entertainment in shakespeare in love . joseph fiennes , brother of ralph , stars as shakespeare himself ; he's a delightful , irresistible lad , concerned mostly with women and detached from life's more serious problems ( debt , plague , etc . ) . he's commissioned to write plays for various people : queen elizabeth ( judi dench ) wants comedies , while local slimeball philip henslowe ( geoffrey rush ) needs him to write a play so that he can pay off his debts to hugh fennymann ( tom wilkinson ) . shakespeare , however , has trouble focusing on his work . he begins work on a comedy about a boy named romeo and a girl named ethel . this all changes , however , when he meets viola de lesseps ( a radiant gwyneth paltrow ) , a young heiress set to marry the financially-oriented lord wessex ( colin firth ) . shakespeare instantly falls in love with her ; he first meets her when she pretends to be a man to try out for the part of romeo . he discovers her identity and confronts her later ; she , of course , falls in love with him , although their love is doomed because she absolutely must marry the tyrannical lord wessex . but she continues to act because she loves shakespeare's writing so much , and soon the production ( which later becomes romeo and juliet ) is set to be performed . shakespeare in love is an amazingly good film , not because it works as great entertainment , but because it pays attention to detail and knows its subject matter . i was instantly won over by joseph fiennes in the lead role : he has such searing optimism and energy ; he's clearly a man who admires shakespeare , and even in the shortcomings that he gives his character ( inability to turn away from women , attention deficit disorder ) , we sense a great deal of affection and care . he practically overflows with passion in every scene . fiennes is matched by paltrow ( whose english accent is so good that wonder where she actually comes from ) ; she is an actress who exudes strength and conviction in every performance i've seen her in . the two performers work perfectly together , taking the passionate scenes as far as possible without making them melodramatic , and wringing the comedic scenes for every conceivable laugh . of course , it doesn't hurt that they have a masterful script to work with . stoppard , whose play rozencrantz and guildenstern are dead inspired an interesting film , is full of dry wit and boundless understated humor ( all of his plays have similarly dry humor ) . the first intelligent step stoppard and norman took was harmonizing the events of the film with romeo and juliet . one of the funniest scenes in the film is an imitation of the famous terrace scene from the play ; in the movie , shakespeare is bumbling about while viola is trying to fend off her nurse maid . director john madden does a fantastic job dabbling in slapstick humor -- scenes like these would have seemed obtuse in the hands of a lesser director . i'm going to have to see the movie again ; i'm certain there are numerous references that i missed . in fact , i doubt it's possible to gather everything with just one viewing . stoppard is a master of detail : you'll notice familiar lines placed throughout the film , not as lines of a play , but as dialogue , suggesting that shakespeare simply spoke like that all the time . there's also a brilliant running joke in which shakespeare is in constant competition with christopher marlowe ( and the fact that marlowe is played by the openly-homosexual rupert everett is a joke in of itself ) , proposing a slightly twisted explanation to marlowe's mysterious death in a pub . there's also a scene featuring a wide-eyed dog that is so funny that i hurt myself laughing . " there's no dog in this play ? " " no ! no dog ! " the ensemble cast is perhaps the strongest this year . geoffrey rush is nearly unrecognizable as the detestable henslowe ; wilkinson is also hard to recognize , but has a great role as a thug who takes his part as the apothecary so seriously . ben affleck , playing one of the actors in the company , shows great range , both in his accent ( his is almost as good as paltrow's ) and in humor ( he has some of the best one-liners in the movie ) . colin firth , always stuck playing the sap , does a good job being hateful . judi dench , however , has the best supporting performance as queen elizabeth : rarely has so much depth been conveyed in so few words . my single , minor complaint about shakespeare in love is that i feel like i could have been more moved by the end . the story is moving , but there are a few missed opportunities in the final scenes . but my quibbling is not important . what is important is that i acknowledge the quality of this picture , the sheer skill with which it has been written , acted , and produced . shakespeare in love tries so many things , and nails every one of them : it's a film that both loves shakespeare and makes fun of him , a film in which the actors , writers , and director are all perfectly in sync . it's also a movie that has the potential to introduce a lot of people to shakespeare's work in a positive way , without seeming condescending or superior . i admire this film not only because it passes so pleasantly , but because it has lofty aspirations and succeeds in them . not just any film can poke fun at shakespeare and get away with it . 
 sometimes i find 19th century british costume dramas a little hard to relate to . it's not the time or the distance , it's the rules and conventions of a social class that deserves resentment rather than sympathy . yet somehow , the movies are all well made and i always get caught up in the story . the wings of the dove fits the pattern . kate ( helena bonham carter ) and merton ( linus roache ) are in love . merton , a newspaper writer , would like to marry kate . but kate's " job " , if you will , is to be a member of the british upper class . her father lost all of her family's money , but a wealthy aunt agreed to take care of her until she married a nice rich man . naturally , a newspaper writer's wages don't count as " rich . " kate leads him on , but she always ends up giving him the cold shoulder , ultimately because he's not marriageable . kate's american friend millie ( alison elliot ) stops in for a visit on her way to venice . at a party , millie catches a glimpse of merton and likes what she sees . kate realizes that if merton were introduced to millie , he might forget about her . it appears that she is trying to spare him from the heartbreak of their inevitable breakup . merton sees what kate is doing and resents her for it . he is still in love with kate , and will accept no substitute . the three of them , along with a fourth friend ( elizabeth mcgovern ) end up on holiday in venice together , where their interactions are quite complicated . let's sum up : millie has fallen for merton . merton has no feelings for millie because he is still in love with kate . kate loves him but can't marry him , so on the one hand she's trying to match him up with someone who will make him happy , but on the other hand she's jealous of them as a couple . a clear solution presents itself to kate when she realizes that millie is very sick - dying , in fact . at this point she decides that merton should marry millie until she dies . millie will leave her money to merton , who will then be rich enough to marry kate . she lets merton know of her schemes and , since it will help him win kate , he reluctantly agrees . kate leaves venice so that the two m's can be alone together . merton finds that pretending to love millie is a lot like actually loving her . he's not sure he can separate the two . kate finds that she's not so sure she really wants her merton falling in love with and marrying anyone else . the brilliant scheme proves to be painful to all involved . without revealing the details , suffice it to say that the situation ends badly . the title refers to the object of merton's vain hope that something might lift him from his predicament . one is left with feelings of regret and despair . what started as such a promising relationship was damaged by greed , anger , and jealousy . an interesting thought struck me after the movie was over , and that is that the wings of the dove almost fits the story line of a film noir . a couple conspires to cheat someone out of their money so they can live happily ever after . their involvement in the deception makes each less attractive to the other , and after a few things go wrong , the whole idea seems like an awful life-ruining mistake . i wouldn't call the wings of the dove a film noir , but the comparison is interesting . as i have acknowledged before , i am not a wonderful judge of acting , but i liked the performances from roache and elliot . roache successfully conveyed his character's ambivalence toward millie : near the end , he hugs her , at first staring into space , as if he's thinking about his plan with kate , then giving that up to fully embrace millie . millie's part didn't require as much range , but elliot gave her the necessary bubbly personality that made her irresistible . i will probably file away the wings of the dove in the same low-traffic corner of my mind as sense and sensibility and persuasion . their settings are far removed from my personal experience - geographically , historically , and socially . still , the movies are well made and the stories inevitably win me over . check out more current movie reviews at http : //www . indra . com/~mmapes/ 
cast : russell crowe , joaquin phoenix , connie nielsen , oliver reed , derek jacobi , djimon hounsou , richard harris , spencer treat clark written by : david h . franzoni , john logan and william nicholson directed by : ridley scott running time : 157 minutes roman emperor marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) chooses his trusted general maximus ( russell crowe ) as his successor . however the emperor's evil son commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) murders his father before the announcement can be made , and maximus ( as well as his family ) is sentenced to be executed . maximus is able to escape his executioners , but is later captured and sold as a slave to proximo ( oliver reed ) . proximo is looking for gladiators to earn himself money ( he being a former gladiator himself ) , and maximus reluctantly uses his skills to prove himself a powerful gladiator . when emperor commodus announces that new games will be held in the colisseum , proximo takes his gladiators there to do battle . maximus sees this as his chance to exact revenge on commodus . gladiator begins with a great battle sequence between the roman army and germania , and actually is able to maintain interest during the now required " 40 minutes of exposition after a kick ass opening sequence " style of moviemaking . the only downfall of the opening sequence is the editing style used . . . it's choppy slow-motion which is unsettling and distracting . it's similar to the opening sequence in saving private ryan , but nowhere near as effective . the actual gladiator battles are thrilling , but also a bit disjointed . many times it's unclear as to exactly what's going on . . . all the audience can tell is that blood is being spilled . we're not sure who's blood or by who's hand though . there's an instance of this earlier in the film too that's disappointing . it's comes when maximus escapes his executioners . some flashes and a few quick cuts later and maximus is free . . . but i still don't know exactly how he did it . russell crowe should have become a major star after his gleefully over the top role as a computer generated serial killer in 1995's virtuosity . for whatever reason his stardom never arrived . . . but he should have it now . from here on moviegoers should now be able to say , " let's go see the new russell crowe movie " . he gets the best scene in the film ( and one of the best moments of all recent movies ) when he reveals his identity to commodus in the colisseum . it's both rousing and chilling . joaquin phoenix does a very effective job of making commodus a person and not just a cartoon character ( which could have easily happened ) . commodus is conniving , sneaky and whiny , but phoenix never lets the character get silly . it's a very good ( and very creepy ) performance . oliver reed died during the filming of gladiator , and it's a huge loss to the acting world . i've always been fascinated with reed . . . he's one of those very talented performers who once had a fine career but ended up in direct to video junk during his twilight years . it's ironic that this film probably would have gotten him back into real movies again , as he gives a fun and sincere performance . the film is dedicated to him , and he will surely be missed . reed's death presented the filmmakers with an obvious problem , as he still had scenes to be completed . rather than recast the role ( and end up reshooting a great deal of footage ) , a digital version of oliver reed was created at a reported cost of 2 million dollars . ironically , that was probably more money than reed ever earned for a single film . anyway , this digital effect is only used in one scene that i am aware of ( for about twenty seconds ) and if you aren't looking for it you won't even be able to tell . some of the other digital effects are less convincing however . . . and like i always say , noticable digital effects take me out of a movie immediately . it's sad that such a good film has these distractions . movies like the fall of the roman empire and spartacus seemed to do okay without the use of computer effects . keep in mind that gladiator is based on real people and real events , but is entirely a work of fiction . however it's a work of fiction that's great entertainment , and another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . d . reviewed by chuck dowling - chuckd21@fdn . com aol instant messenger : filmjax the jacksonville film journal http : //www . jaxfilmjournal . com/ 
guantanamera ( cuba , 1994 )  directed by tomas gutierrez alea and juan carlos tabio . written by eliseo alberto diego , alea and tabio . photography , hans burmann . art direction , onelia larralde . music , jose nieto . editing , carmen frias . cast : carlos cruz ( adolfo ) , mirtha ibarra ( georgina , aka gina ) , raul eguren ( candido ) , jorge perugorria ( mariano ) , pedro gernandez ( ramon ) , luis alberto garcia novoa ( tony ) , cochita brando ( aunt yoyita ) , suset perez malberti ( oku ) , et al . a cinepix release . subtitled . 104 minutes . not rated . road movie , farce , satire , picaresque picture , black comedy , bedroom farce . . . . take your pick as they all apply to " guantanamera , " the last film by the " maestro " of cuban cinema , tomas gutierrez alea ( 1928-1996 ) , called titon ( tee-ton ) by all his friends . he was already ill with lung cancer when he made it . as for his penultimate feature " strawberry and chocolate " ( 1993 ) he sought the collaboration of filmmaker juan carlos tabio , 15 years his junior , who also gets directorial credit in both features . " guantanamera " means the woman from guantanamo ( the town , not the u . s . base ) . it is probably the best-known cuban song . in cuba , various singers put their own lyrics on the melody . here it is heard several times , with different comments , descriptions or suggestions . the film's structure is that of the familiar road movie in which people try to get from point a to point b as events , happenings or adventures accumulate . in her teens , yoyita left guantanamo , became a famous singer , returned after 50 years to see her niece georgina ( aka gina ) , also met candido , the great love of her youth who had never stopped thinking of her . the charming senior citizens have a wonderfully romantic reunion . they reminiscences of the same event but with different images , are just like those of former lovers maurice chevalier and hermione gingold singing " i remember it well " in the musical " gigi . " then big-time artist yoyita dies suddenly in the arms of provincial brass-player candido . the main female role belongs to gina . she is played by the enchanting stage-and-screen actress mirtha ibarra , whose film debut was in " the last supper " by alea . mirtha and titon married ( he for the second time ) , had three daughters and were still together 22 years later , when titon died . gina , formerly an economics professor , is now married to adolfo , an official fallen from grace ( for undisclosed reasons ) . sidelined by the administration as the head of a minor committee on burials , he is now trying to regain recognition . adolfo conceives a pea-brained scheme for savin fuel in gasoline-strapped cuba : those who die far from their desired burial places will be transported by a system of relays between cemeteries . fate would have it that the first candidate for this long-distance experiment is auntie yoyita , who must be taken to havana , almost at the other end of the island . the trip , fraught with obstacles and coincidences , takes through the landscape and , more importantly , the humanscape . we see a cuba whose inhabitants do not lose their sense of humor but have to invent ways to survive financially . truck-driver mariano who has an engineering degree but must make a living , and his more mature buddy ramon , who though sensible still believes in witchcraft , take illegal passengers . sellers along the roads offer goods , mostly edibles , for dollars , not cuban money . adolfo has none , but his chauffeur , himself a black-marketeer ( or entrepreneur ) does , buys bananas and shares them with his boss . a sly reminder by a tour guide mentions that a certain town , over several centuries was the center of smuggling and had dealings with forbidden countries . it doesn't take a doctorate in history to see the reference to contemporary cuba . the paths of mariano's truck and adolfo's troublesome car ( no doubt soviet-built ) with adolfo , gina and candido as passengers , keep crossing . both background and foreground keep pointing to the shortages ( of everything ) in cuba , where one-table " secret " restaurants spring up ; where a fan-belt is a small treasure ; where coupons are needed for many things , even in a cemetery's cantina ; where the car's riders munch bananas from the subterranean economy as the radio spouts positive agricultural statistics among many disturbances , there's another romance brewing . i will not let the cat out of the bag except to say that mariano is at the love story's epicenter , and that he complicates things . mariano is a don juan with the equivalent of a girl in every port . here it's a lover in every town , gas-station , truck-stop or train-crossing . ( a sex-hungry young woman brings to mind the czech satire " closely watched trains . " ) the relationships are funny even when the premises are not . gags are brought in naturally . windshield wipers activate when the car is bumped ; a woman tells of man who died unexpectedly , then reveals that he was 107 years old . but " guantanamera " is not simply an entertainment . it is a movie about life , love and death during the hard times of an impoverished nation . alea , started his career as a dedicated celebrant of the cuban revolution . later , when he made the first big pictures that brought him international fame ( " death of a bureaucrat " 1966 ; " memories of underdevelopment " 1968 ) , many began to see him as a critic of the fidel castro regime , even though alea and castro had been schoolmates and were friends . but it was a misinterpretation of alea's complexity , and a matter of semantics . as alea repeatedely phrased it ( with varations ) , " to be critical is to make a militant film for the revolution " . or , " for the revolution to grow , for our country to develop positively , criticism is necessary . " " guantanamera " has no villains . it looks upon all its characters with sympathy , understanding or at a minimum , tolerance . the main butt of its criticism is adolfo , that misguided , counterproductive , symbolic , ambitious , egotistic and silly bureaucrat . in its own , rather kinky way , " guantanamera " is like part two of " death of a bureaucrat " of some thirty years earlier . like that film , like much of the rest of alea's output ( about a dozen out of a total of ca . 22 pictures ) , there's always a tricky patriotic balancing act of theory against practice , of marxist dialectics that uphold principles while they castigate misapplications . the process , neither obvious nor simple-minded , sometimes caused confusion in the public as well as the critics . it seems to me that alea is sending his viewers , especially the cubans , a message about the necessity to clean house . this is colorfully , deviously , subtly recounted as the legend of olofin , the god who created life but forgot to create death . there follow millenia of ever-aging populations which engulf the young -- until the other deity , iku , brings about rain and floods , so that all the aged drown and only physically fit younger people survive . thus did iku terminate progress-impeding immortality . all this is far more poetic than the american " time for a change , " or " we need new blood . " among the subtleties of this seemingly simple movie , is the fact that we see very few slogans : only one banner says " socialism or death . " and the fact that this seriocomic , appealing " realistic fantasy " neither mentions nor hints at the big bad wolf . one can almost hear alea saying : " yes , the yankees are partly to blame for our troubles , but we should not use this as an excuse or an alibi for our own shortcomings . " " guantanamera " was nominated for the golden lion at the 1996 venice film festival and honored at several others . 
capsule : the funniest horror movie ever made ; a melange of dario argento and wile e . coyote . evil dead 2 : dead by dawn is the result of an unstable fusion of warner bros . cartoon slapstick and _giallo_ horror-movie conventions . it's a flick with the mind of a splatter film and the heart of a mack sennett two-reeler . in plain , non-fanboy language , it's a ton of disgusting fun . example : a monster of the undead rises from the cellar , only to have its head smashed in the trapdoor . its eyeball pops out and flies into the mouth of one of the three screaming girls in the movie . gulp . the plot , what there is of it , is simple to the point of irrelevancy . a young man and his girlfriend head out to an abandoned cabin for a romantic interlude , and unwittingly unleash the evil undead . the girl dies horribly and the man ( square-jawed bruce campbell ) lives -- but as what ? horrendous mutations strike him like epileptic fits . the dead rise out of their graves and inflict ghastly punishments and tortures on him . his own hand rebels against him ( and the punishment he exacts on it is howlingly painful ) . the majority of the movie is one long , roaring blast of slime , guts , special effects and ear-drilling sound effects , but it's put together in a way that gets more than a fair amount of good laughs . evil dead 2 is most likely * the * item that started the whole trend of sly , self-referential horror movies ( culminating , of course , in the brilliantly nasty scream ) , although it's a lot more freakish and far-out . 
martin scorsese's kundun , which chronicles roughly the first twenty years of the life of the currently exiled dalai lama , has been criticized for its lack of narrative structure . personally , i don't think it needs one : it works perfectly well as a study of tibetan buddhist culture and how communist china . scorsese views the dalai lama the way many tibetans probably do , as a larger-than-life symbol of buddhist spirituality and political leadership : the only glimpses into his head come from several interesting yet oblique dream sequences , but his portrayal is appropriate for a film that concentrates on the political and spiritual rather than the personal . the set design and cinematography are outstanding , and while scorsese occasionally seems to get carried away with the spectacle , it helps to augment the cultural contrast when the dalai lama travels to china to meet chairman mao . political art sometimes succumbs to the temptation to start shouting slogans , kundun does not : it succeeds in delivering its message in an artistically interesting way and without being overly manipulative . send comments to ktpattersn@aol . com . film reviews page : http : //members . aol . com/ktpattersn/reviews . html 
release date : november 20 , 1998 starring : will smith , gene hackman , jon voight , regina king , loren dean , jake busey , barry pepper , gabriel byrne , jason lee directed by : tony scott distributed by : buena vista pictures mpaa rating : r ( language , violence ) lean , mean , escapist thrillers are a tough product to come by . most are unnecessarily complicated , and others have no sense of expediency -- the thrill-ride effect gets lost in the cumbersome plot . perhaps the ultimate escapist thriller was the fugitive , which featured none of the flash-bang effects of today's market but rather a bread-and-butter , textbook example of what a clever script and good direction is all about . the latest tony scott movie , enemy of the state , doesn't make it to that level . it's a true nineties product that runs like greased lightning through a maze of cell phones and laptop computers , without looking back . although director scott has made missteps in the past , such as the lame thriller the fan , he's generated a good deal of energy in pictures like crimson tide and top gun . that vibrant spirit is present here , shown in well-timed and carefully planned chase scenes that give the movie an aura of sheer speed . enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie . enemy is truly a visual experience , and that's only one of the reasons it's such a fun watch . the movie lights up with an aging senator visited by nsa deputy chief thomas reynolds ( jon voight ) . reynolds wants a new communications act passed to allow the government free reign in the use of surveilance equipment , but the senator plans to bury the bill in committee . reynolds has the senator offed , but not before the murder is caught on a naturalist's camera . by an extremist chain of events , the tape ends up in labor lawyer robert dean ( will smith ) 's posession , and it's not long before he's running from reynolds' cronies . it's only with the help of an ex-spook named brill ( gene hackman ) that dean is able to get to the bottom of things . the acting is top notch , and the three principles - smith , hackman , and voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around . smith puts aside the wisecracking act and becomes a normal human being ; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his character for greater ominpotence ; and hackman is simply over the top in the mysterioso role . smith's regular joe comes off particularly well , as he runs from authorties for reasons that he knows not . the supports are also in fine form , lending credibility to the main roles and advancing the plot in key areas . this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking . 
starring the voices of : val kilmer and ralph fiennes directed by brenda chapman , steve hickner and simon wells . running time : 1 hour 37 minutes after the average mouse hunt , the silly small soldiers and the entertaining antz , dreamworks try again with the children's film market with this stunning adaptation of the moses story . as the film warns us at the beginning , it's not the full story , and some liberties have been taken , but generally this the bible story we all know and love , featuring burning bushes , the plagues and the parting of the red sea . the only thing missing is charlton heston . instead , we get val kilmer voicing moses , an hebrew who is placed in a river by his mother and rescued by the queen of egypt ( helen mirren . ) we flash forward several years to see moses and brother rameses ( fiennes ) all grown up . moses soon finds out from brother and sister miriam and aaron ( sandra bullock and jeff goldblum ) that he isn't really the son of the pharaoh seti ( patrick stewart ) and that it his destiny to free the hebrews from the egyptians tyrannical rule . he soon sets about this , along with his wife tzipporah ( michelle pfeiffer . ) rameses and his two wizard friends ( voiced by steve martin and martin short ) try to stop moses completing his task . while the plot is familiar and somewhat exciting for adults , for children reared on aladdin and hercules , this film could be the most godawful thing they've ever seen . gone is the quick fire humour and standard , easy to follow plot . but , spectacularly , and to dreamworks credit , nearly every child in the audience was captivated by the story and events happening on screen . jeffrey katzenberg , who produced this film , certainly knows how to keep a child interested . he's included some songs in the film , plus some comedy , and a exciting chariot chase , to keep the children interested . and somehow , himself and the directors still manage to get all the drama and intensity of the story across , without ever being boring . it's a remarkable achievement . also remarkable is the animation , which puts hercules , an almost 'slap dash' effort , to shame . relying on hand drawn and computer animation , the backgrounds and characters are amazingly detailed . the film seems a little caught up with it's amazing visuals by showing a lot of sweeping visuals and 'moving' shots , but they _do_ look incredible . the final 'plague' where god kills every first born child , and the parting of the red sea have to be seen to be believed . kudos to the animators . the vocal talent is also very good . val kilmer does a fine job as moses ( although he doesn't sing ) and ralph fiennes is superb as rameses ( and he _does_ sing . ) sandra bullock and jeff goldblum are great , and steve martin and martin short are very good , but not in the film long enough . finally , michelle pfeiffer does excellent work as moses wife . kudos also goes to the voice of god , who instead of booming and bombastic is quiet and subdued . sadly , he is uncredited , and i couldn't quite work out who the voice was . ( but e-mail if you do . ) the songs are good , ranging from the usual love sonnets to the traditional big production number . they don't disturb the movie , and while not particularly memorable , they are nice to listen to ( they're well sung aswell . ) the musical score is suitably epic , with some beautiful tunes . coupled with the superb visuals , the prince of egypt is a visual and aural treat , backed up with a great story . entertaining both for kids and adults , this film is a must see . 
united states , 1997 u . s . release date : 12/12/97 ( limited ) ; 12/25/97 ( wide ) running length : 2 : 37 mpaa classification : r ( violence , mature themes , nudity ) theatrical aspect ratio : 1 . 85 : 1 cast : djimon hounsou , matthew mcconaughey , morgan freeman , anthony hopkins , nigel hawthorne , stellan skarsgard , david paymer , pete postlethwaite , anna paquin director : steven spielberg producers : steven spielberg , debbie allen , and colin wilson screenplay : david franzoni cinematography : janusz kaminski music : john williams u . s . distributor : dreamworks skg here's a word analogy : amistad is to the lost world as schindler's list is to jurassic park . in 1993 , after steven spielberg made the monster dino hit , many critics described schindler's list as the director's " penance " ( as if there was a need for him to apologize for making a crowd-pleasing blockbuster ) . now , after a three-year layoff , spielberg is back with a vengeance . once again , his summer release was special effects-loaded action/adventure flick with dinosaurs munching on human appetizers . now , following his 1993 pattern , he has fashioned another serious , inspirational christmas release about the nature of humanity . that film is amistad . although not as masterful as schindler's list , amistad is nevertheless a gripping motion picture . thematically rich , impeccably crafted , and intellectually stimulating , the only area where this movie falls a little short is in its emotional impact . watching schindler's list was a powerful , almost spiritual , experience . spielberg pulled us into the narrative , absorbed us in the drama , then finally let us go , exhausted and shattered , three-plus hours later . aspects of the movie have stayed with me ever since . amistad , while a fine example of film making , is not as transcendent . the incident of the ship la amistad is not found in any history books , but , considering who writes the texts , that's not a surprise . however , the event is a part of the american social and legal fabric , and , while amistad does not adhere rigorously to the actual account , most of the basic facts are in order . several , mostly minor changes have been made to enhance the film's dramatic force . on the whole , while amistad may not be faithful to all of the details of the situation , it is true to the spirit and meaning of what transpired . one stormy night during the summer of 1839 , the 53 men imprisoned on the spanish slave ship la amistad escape . led by the lion-hearted cinque ( djimon hounsou ) , they take control of the vessel , killing most of the crew . adrift somewhere off the coast of cuba and uncertain how to make their way back to africa , they rely on the two surviving spaniards to navigate the eastward journey . they are tricked , however , and the la amistad , which makes its way northward off the united states' eastern coastline , is eventually captured by an american naval ship near connecticut . the kidnapped africans are shackled and thrown into prison , charged with murder and piracy . the first men to come to the africans' defense are abolitionists theodore joadson ( morgan freeman ) and lewis tappan ( stellan skarsgard ) . they are soon joined by roger baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) , a property attorney of little repute . aided by advice from former president john quincy adams ( anthony hopkins ) , baldwin proves a more persuasive orator than anyone gave him credit for , and his central argument -- that the prisoners were illegally kidnapped free men , not property -- convinces the judge . but powerful forces have aligned against baldwin's cause . current president martin van buren ( nigel hawthorne ) , eager to please southern voters and 11-year old queen isabella of spain ( anna paquin ) , begins pulling strings behind-the-scenes to ensure that none of the africans goes free . at its heart , amistad is a tale of human courage . cinque is a heroic figure whose spirit remains unbreakable regardless of the pain and indignity he is subjected to . he is a free man , not a slave , and , while he recognizes that he may die as a result of his struggle , he will not give it up . effectively portrayed by newcomer djimon hounsou , whose passion and screen presence arrest our attention , cinque is the key to viewers seeing the amistad africans as more than symbols in a battle of ideologies . they are individuals , and our ability to make that distinction is crucial to the movie's success . to amplify this point , spielberg presents many scenes from the africans' point-of-view , detailing their occasionally-humorous observations about some of the white man's seemingly-strange " rituals " . the larger struggle is , of course , one of defining humanity . as the nazis felt justified in slaughtering jews because they viewed their victims as " sub-human , " so the pro-slavery forces of amistad use a similar defense . the abolitionists regard the africans as men , but the slavers and their supporters see them as animals or property . in a sense , the morality of slavery is on trial here with the specter of civil war , which would break out less than three decades later , looming over everything . amistad's presentation of the legal and political intricacies surrounding the trial are fascinating , making this movie one of the most engrossing courtroom dramas in recent history . four claimants come forward against the africans : the state , which wants them tried for murder ; the queen of spain , who wants them handed over to her under the provision of an american/spanish treaty ; two american naval officers , who claim the right of high seas salvage ; and the two surviving spaniards from la amistad , who demand that their property be returned to them . baldwin must counter all of these claims , while facing a challenge to his own preconceived notions as the result of a relationship he develops with cinque . even though attorney and client are divided by a language barrier , they gradually learn to communicate . aside from cinque , who is a fully-realized individual , characterization is spotty , but the acting is top-notch . matthew mcconaughey successfully overcomes his " pretty boy " image to become baldwin , but the lawyer is never particularly well-defined outside of his role in the la amistad case . likewise , while morgan freeman and stellan skarsgard are effective as joadson and tappan , they are never anything more than " abolitionists . " nigel hawthorne , who played the title character in the madness of king george , presents martin van buren as a spineless sycophant to whom justice means far less than winning an election . finally , there's anthony hopkins , whose towering portrayal of john quincy adams is as compelling as anything the great actor has recently done . hopkins , who can convincingly play such diverse figures as a serial killer , an emotionally-crippled english butler , and richard nixon , makes us believe that he is adams . his ten-minute speech about freedom and human values is unforgettable . one point of difference worth noting between amistad and schindler's list is this film's lack of a well-defined human villain . schindler's list had ralph fiennes' superbly-realized amon goeth , who was not only a three-dimensional character , but a personification of all that the nazis stood for . there is no such figure in amistad . the villain is slavery , but an ideology , no matter how evil , is rarely the best adversary . it is to spielberg's credit that he has fashioned such a compelling motion picture without a prominent antagonist . amistad's trek to the screen , which encountered some choppy waters ( author barbara chase-riboud has cried plagiarism , a charge denied by the film makers ) , comes in the midst of an upsurge of interest in the incident . an opera of the same name opened in chicago on november 29 , 1997 . numerous books about the subject are showing up on bookstore shelves . it remains to be seen how much longevity the amistad phenomena has , but one thing is certain -- with spielberg's rousing , substantive film leading the way , the spotlight has now illuminated this chapter of american history . 
lock , stock , and two smoking barrels has been described as the british pulp fiction , and on the surface , that would seem like an accurate depiction . it's got the usual cross-section of characters with witty tongues involved in varied illegal activities , that get themselves into very peculiar situations in which no one really survives unscathed . nonetheless , the film seems to be missing something that characterized its predecessor . and right now , you're getting the feeling that i'm about to quickly file lock , stock as another tarantino homage/copy-cat crime , but that's not quite it either . lock , stock is in fact , probably the best film since pulp fiction in which there are no really good guys . like pulp fiction , lock , stock begins with what would seem to be a simple story , that quickly careens out of control . in this case , four buddies ; tom , eddie , bacon , and soap , pool their money together to back can't lose eddie at an unbeknownst-to-them rigged game of cards . of course they get fleeced , and end up in heavy debt to the local heavy . what follows is a madcap plan to recoup the money by intercepting a heist eddie has fortuitously discovered his neighbor is carrying out . the interrelation of the problems with the original heist , along with the interception of it by eddie's gang , and a couple of other local illegal activities result in a frantic circle of destruction . though the web of illegal activity is obviously reminiscent of pulp fiction , where lock , stock most significantly strays from its de facto blue print is in theme . in tarantino's masterpiece , the theme was essentially that there was no theme , no morality . in the gritty underworld , outcome is random . while samuel l . jackson is divinely saved and given a second chance to " walk the earth like kane in kung fu , " his partner in the guise of john travolta is sentenced to death on a toilet . in this incarnation , the badder they are , the worse their fate seems to be , which often is death . the real question now , is why have i rambled on without making much comment on the quality of the movie . the answer of course , is that i don't have much to say . lock , stock is end the end one of those films that pretty much leaves you when you leave it . you can talk about the witty plot , and the funny lines , but in the end , i guess a movie with o one to really root for ( i guess we do root for our four pals a little ) leaves you in the end without too much invested . so we leave it like we left pulp fiction before it , by walking out of the theater and saying , " wow , that was pretty cool , " and not thinking of it after that . ( of course , as with pulp fiction , some could always take a deeper shine to it . ) 
cast : neve campbell , courtney cox , david arquette , jamie kennedy , liev schreiber , jada pinkett , sarah michelle gellar , laurie metcalf , omar epps , jerry o'connell , timothy olyphant director : wes craven producers : cathy konrad , marianne maddalena screenplay : kevin williamson cinematography : peter deming music : marco beltrami , danny elfman ( " cassandra " ) u . s . distributor : dimension films scream 2 isn't quite as clever as its predecessor , but it fills the gap with a cutting wit . death -- even gruesome , bloody death -- can be funny if handled the right way ( some will be offended by this statement , but you need look no further than pulp fiction for an example ) . and , while there's plenty of horror to go around in scream 2 , the latest '90s slasher flick incarnation , there are also a few laughs to be had . scream 2 is a slice-and-dice movie for those who don't take their horror too seriously . the success of the original scream took everyone in the industry by surprise . the unexpected blockbuster , whose gross soared over the $100 million mark during its six month release window , opened just about a year ago and turned into one of the most profitable horror films of all time . a sequel was inevitable ; fortunately , nearly the entire creative team has returned for scream 2 , including director wes craven , screenwriter kevin williamson , and actors neve campbell , courtney cox , david arquette , jamie kennedy , and liev schreiber . as stipulated by one of the " rules of sequels " uttered by a movie- obsessed character in the film , the body count in scream 2 is higher than that in the original . paradoxically , there's a lot less gore . there is blood , of course , but nothing excessive by slasher-movie standards , and there are no depictions of spilled entrails . craven has remembered that scares are more important that graphic displays of human insides and bodily fluids . a second strength of scream 2 is that it features a gallery of legitimate characters rather than a group of cardboard cut-out stereotypes lined up for slaughter . after all , we've known some of these people for two movies -- it's almost impossible not to care about them at least a little . scream 2 opens approximately two years after the original . as in the first picture , there's a slick , self-mocking prologue . this time , the victims are jada pinkett and omar epps , whose characters are visiting a local theater for a preview screening of the movie stab ( which is based on the " true life " events of scream ) . some of the smartest dialogue comes during this sequence as pinkett bemoans the lack of african american participation in horror films ( it's surely no coincidence that , in addition to pinkett and epps , scream 2 features two black characters ) . shortly thereafter , she and her boyfriend have been gutted , signaling the beginning of a series of copycat murders . craven lets loose a burst of tongue-in-cheek creativity for the " movie within a movie " sequences . they give him an opportunity to openly parody scream -- an act that he accomplishes with great panache . stab features heather graham in the " casey becker " role ( played in the original by drew barrymore ) and tori spelling as " sidney prescott " ( neve campbell ) . sadly , we only see a couple of scenes from stab . it would have been a little more fun , i think , had craven used joe dante's approach from matinee and shown lengthy excerpts from his satirical production . following the prologue , we are re-introduced to sidney prescott , who has left her sleepy hometown to go to windsor college . her friend randy ( jamie kennedy ) is a student there as well , and he's just as knowledgeable about horror films as ever . once the double murder at stab becomes big news , the media converges on windsor , looking to interview the original victim . at the head of the flock of vultures is gale weathers ( courtney cox ) , who has a little surprise for sidney . she has brought cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , the man sidney falsely accused of murder , with her . also arriving at the college is deputy dewey ( david arquette ) , who is there to act as a big brother to sidney during this latest round of tribulations . in addition to the survivors from the original scream , the field of potential victims is well-populated . there's a blond co-ed named cece ( sarah michelle gellar , who has now appeared in two of williamson's movies -- this one and i know what you did last summer ) ; sidney's requisite boyfriend , derek ( jerry o'connell ) ; a local newswoman ( laurie metcalf ) ; gale's new cameraman ( duane martin ) ; a british drama teacher ( david warner ) ; and several sorority sisters and would-be sorority sisters ( portia de rossi , rebecca gayheart , elise neal , marisol nichols ) . ultimately , there are lots of attractive corpses . from the stab scenes to lines like " brothers don't last long in situations like this , " craven and williamson are clearly having a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movie is enjoyable , if a little overlong ( the livelier first hour is better than the second ) . their resolution to the obligatory " whodunit ? " is less of a letdown than it could be , and knowingly offers a wink and nod at past unmasking scenes . ( " nice twist , " quips the killer . " didn't see it coming , didya ? " ) one senses , however , that , by the end of this picture , the overall concept of a hip , self-referential slasher film has been played out . supposedly , there's going to be a scream 3 , but , if the film makers don't come up with something radical , we could end up with a classic case of sequel overkill . 
rushmore ( m ) . ( touchstone/beuna vista international ) director : wes anderson stars : jason schwartzman , olivia williams , bill murray , brian cox , seymour cassel , mason gamble , sara tanaka , stephen mccole , luke wilson , connie nielsen , ronnie mccawley , keith mccawley running time : 98 minutes . writer/director wes anderson is an audacious talent who possesses an unconventional and off beat sensibility . rushmore is the second film from anderson , whose low budget , slacker crime caper bottle rocket was widely acclaimed but performed poorly at the box office . in rushmore he suffuses the typical elements of the dysfunctional teen genre , the coming of age tale , and adolescent school comedy with a subversive , wickedly anarchic spirit . the result is a refreshingly offbeat and inventive comedy that at times becomes a little too clever for its own good . rushmore has an edgy , surreal quality that sets it apart from the puerile humour of most similarly themed comedies . the film's deliberately eccentric style will probably hold more appeal to adult audiences . fifteen year old max fischer ( newcomer jason schwartzman ) is a precocious student at rushmore , a ritzy private school . although quite brilliant - he can solve complex mathematical equations quicker than that other prodigy will hunting - max is also something of an obsessive under-achiever . his grades have slipped because of his passion for pursuing extra curricular activities . max is the president and founding member of a number of clubs at rushmore - bee keeping , fencing , chess . he even formed the theatrical group that performs his offbeat plays , including a stage adaptation of serpico and an ambitious apocalypse now-like scenario . he is put on " sudden death academic probation , " which simply means that if he fails one more exam he's out . max is sort of like ferris bueller's evil brother - a devious , shrewd and manipulative schemer , but without the charm . he is a thoroughly despicable character , and is never in danger of eliciting sympathy from the audience . at times you want to strangle him , or shake him . max's downfall begins when he falls heavily for miss cross ( olivia williams , from the postman ) , the junior grade teacher . in an effort to impress her he attempts to build an aquarium on the edge of one of the school's sporting fields . he approaches wealthy businessman and former alumni mr blume ( bill murray ) to fund the project . the plan backfires , and max is temporarily expelled from rushmore . blume begins an affair with miss cross . the jealous max begin a vicious campaign of vengeance against blume , which escalates out of control . it is the unlikely relationship between these two eccentric characters that provides the film with much of its energy and humour . the wealth of colourful incidents and wonderfully quirky characters suggests that rushmore has been partially inspired by anderson's own experiences at school . rushmore has a sophisticated and decidedly off beat sense of humour , although the laughs are not always obvious . the performers seem attuned to anderson's off beat sense of humour . in an impressive debut , schwartzman delivers a strong performance as the thoroughly dislikeable max . murray is at his smarmy , droll and laconic best , and delivers a wonderfully understated performance as the emotionally damaged blume , who is little more than an overgrown child in a man's body . anderson has an idiosyncratic visual style , which ensures that rushmore is quite unlike any other coming of age tale that you've seen . the quirkiness and originality of the scenario unfortunately doesn't last the distance however , as anderson eventually settles for a rather conventional and somewhat unsatisfying resolution . 
directed by : andrezj bartkowiak written by : mitchell kapner ( story ) , eric bernt how exactly does one review a jet li movie ? i suppose it must be held to a different template than the new film from tom hanks or meryl streep . let's face facts , if you're going to " romeo must die " expecting to see academy award material , then you obviously haven't seen the previews . you're going to see this movie for bloody , bare fisted , no holds barred style brawling . you are not going for a strong plot , great acting , or important social messages . i went into " romeo must die " expecting to see jet li at his gravity defying best , and i'm happy to report that the fight sequences are indeed something to behold . the problem is , these excellent fight scenes are few and far between , and the remainder of the film is filled with useless melodrama that no one could care less about . a gang war has consumed the bay area of oakland . the two factions are issak's ( delroy lindo ) african americans , and c'hu sing's ( henry o ) orientals . both leaders are attempting to sell their bay area property to a greedy business man ( edoardo ballerini ) so that he can develop yet another football franchise . the most recent casualty has been c'hu's son , po ( jon kit lee ) . this sets off a chain of retaliations from both sides which threatens to destroy everyone . po's death brings about the return of his brother , han ( jet li ) , from hong kong . han begins investigating the events which caused his brother to be murdered . while investigating , he meets up with issak's daughter , trish ( aaliyah ) , and the two soon form a close friendship . han must discover who the killers are before they decide to eliminate both he and trish as well . if this plot summary sounds a bit confusing that's because this is a rather confusing and convoluted movie . in case you're wondering , it also has very little to do with the bard's tale , aside from the name romeo being in the title and the story revolving around two warring families . there is no romance between trish and han , the families aren't exactly true families ( they're just warring gangs ) , and this story is missing the excellent , comical character of mercutio . in fact , the lack of humor is one of the problems with this movie . it may have a comical moment or two , mainly because of a supporting character named maurice ( anthony anderson ) and one or two amusing scenes involving li , but the majority of the film is incredibly and unnecessarily melodramatic . as for the actors , it seems that rap singers have been cast in place of actors in most cases . rapper dmx has been cast as a club manager , and aaliyah is obviously the female lead . with these two being cast in significant roles , you can guess what kind of soundtrack is going to accompany this film . if you don't like rap music , be forewarned that it doesn't stop playing throughout the entire movie . the other actors are mediocre at best ; the only two exceptions being li himself , who exudes charm , charisma , and strength , and delroy lindo ( " broken arrow " ) , who is simply a good actor doing what he can with a miserable part . worth noting is isaiah washington ( " true crime " ) , playing lindo's right hand man . washington is an early candidate for a razzie award this year , turning in an absolutely horrendous performance . andrezj bartkowiak does have one neat little trick up his sleeve . throughout the fight scenes , we are given occasional x-ray insights of what happens to a person when li hits them . it's nothing more than a gimmick , but still a rather original one . after watching " romeo must die " , i can only hope that li will be given a better script next time . the man is incredibly talented , and it's no wonder that he is one of the largest film stars in china . i do hope that his next film contains a few more fights and a lot less melodrama . one last thing i must note ; several fights in " romeo must die " are blatantly enhanced by cgi . this was completely uncalled for , as it ruins the effect of watching li do his thing . the movie runs far too long at 118 minutes . i'd recommend it to serious martial arts fans and give it three out of five stars . comments ? feel free to e-mail them to : johnbeachem@dependentfilms . net for past reviews , movie news , and other fun stuff , visit : http : //www . dependentfilms . net * * * * * - one of the greatest movies ever made , see it now . * * * * - great flick , try and catch this one . * * * - okay movie , hits and misses . * * - pretty bad , see it only if you have nothing better to do . * - one of the worst movies ever made . see it only if you enjoy pain . 
1998 , r , 100 minutes [1 hour , 40 minutes]starring : rufus sewell ( john murdoch ) , william hurt ( inspector frank bumstead ) , keifer sutherland ( dr . daniel p . schreber ) , jennifer connelly ( emma murdoch/anna ) ; written by lem dobbs , david s . goyer , alex proyas ; produced by andrew mason , alex proyas ; directed by alex proyas . seen may 31 , 1999 on home video ( rented ) . one of the best things about the movies is that they can make you really start to wonder and analyze things in your own , everyday life that you might not have thought much of otherwise . with some films it might be just a secondary issue , but with `dark city' what we get is nearly an entire film committed to philosophizing and theorizing about human memory and how it defines who we are , which is a poignant theme made through an absolutely beautifully-constructed film with the kind of story and setting that could only happen in a movie . there's an old role-playing computer game called `déja vü' wherein the player takes on the role of a man who can't remember who he is , where he is and how he got there . the goal is to gather as many clues as possible to figure that out and along the way overcome a conflict . the premise to this film is not unlike that game , only this time we don't have control over the protagonist . we begin by meeting a seemingly ordinary man living in an extremely dark and dirty city ( actually , it's more than just the city , it's the whole reality ) that isn't just that neo-gothic look ( a la `batman , ' `blade runner , ' ) , but is so fully developed it's almost a different genre completely . later he will learn that his name is john murdoch ( sewell ) , but for now he has no idea what's going on other than the fact something is not right . the fact there's a dead body in the corner goes to enhance the feeling of paranoia and a mysterious , hurried call telling him to leave immediately is also very chilling . this opening scene alone goes a long way to define the setting of the film and its bizarre , horrific tone . the man doesn't know who he is nor where he's going and it's interesting to follow him since we the viewers have no idea either we can sympathize and identify with him . in fact , this is the way all stories begin since it's impossible to know the history of a character , their feelings , values , morals , etc . until after we've observed them for a while . but in this case , the total feeling of amnesia is an excellent tool towards characterization , developing the mood and outlining the story . eventually , some semblance of a plot begins to unfold as it appears that john is a serial killer wanted by the police . we met inspector frank bumstead ( hurt ) , a quiet , unemotional , soft-spoken deadpan man who appears to have been on the trail of the killer for some time . two other important characters are also introduced : dr . daniel p . schreber ( sutherland ) , a neurotic psychiatrist who claims to be john's doctor ; and emma murdoch ( connelly ) , a jazz singer dolled up to look like a caraciture right out of the old dick tracy serials or any given leading lady of the old film-noir movies . it was schreber who contacted john for reasons that are continually revealed throughout the course of the film . he also contacts emma , which further helps the film reveal what is seemingly a complex , mysterious back story . but absolutely nothing is as it appears to be in `dark city , ' which is what makes it so fascinating throughout its continual scenes of confusion and vertigo . everything the filmmakers want us to see has some significance - considering how intricate the detail is to every single shot , its lighting , art direction and overall production design , they don't seem to be able to afford any gratuities . however , that might also be what's keeping it from reaching its maximum potential . by continuing to follow john as he wanders around this strange place , so much unlike the real world we know , we come to realize that it's all a hoax . everyone in the city is the subject of an experiment being conducted by a race of aliens to understand what makes humans tick in their efforts to somehow save themselves from extinction . but , as the film's tagline says , `last night , one of us went off . ' for reasons that are never clearly explained , it appears that john possesses telekinetic powers to can do pretty much whatever his mind can conceive ( a process known as `tuning' ) . the aliens , which look like very old bald human men with pasty skin , also possess the power en masse and use it to change the city every night at midnight . at the same time all the humans fall asleep and after the changes are made , they awake and either continue where they left off or begin a new life they have no idea they did not have until then . this premise certainly is interesting and director and co-screenwriter alex proyas is able to keep the film consistently mysterious in this regard . he does provide some explanations such as that dr . schreber is an assistant to `the strangers' because he somehow could synthesize memory into chemical form . the aliens mix and match the memories of the city's population to see who will change and who will not . in the process this creates for a good deal of deep , thought-provoking philosophies that could be applied to the real world . however , where the film errs is by not playing up the idea of memory versus the human heart as to what makes a person who he or she is . the main characters are all closely intertwined within the seemingly complex murder mystery which never actually happened , yet when they start to go through some of the expected emotions it comes off as distant , static and cold ( mediocre performances by hurt and connelly don't help either ) . for example , john realizes emma is not and probably never was his wife so he does not feel an emotional bond to her , yet in some scenes crucial to the film's plot , we are expected to believe they do have a genuine love for each other , which is also part of the film's climax and ending . and that's what proyas seems to be inferring with the film , but never quite manages to convey in its fullest sense . ironically , this is what made his first film `the crow' work so well , which had a similar theme of struggling to find hope and the human spirit within a nearly identical , dark twisted world . with `dark city' the messenger seems to be mistaken for the message . still , the film is by no means bad and is consistently entertaining and enjoyable . there's a lot to like here , most notably the sheer visual look and style of it all which accounts for at least half the reasons the film is able to tell the story it does . the story as a whole is one of the most original to come out of hollywood in years . `dark city' is what the movies are all about - the escape from the real world . --------------------------------- please visit chad'z movie page  - over 220 new and old movies reviewed in-depth , not just blind ratings and blather capsules . member of the o . f . c . s .  ( online film critics society ) 
member of the internet movie critic's association at : http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/studio/5713/index . html the talent that woody harrelson has in entertaining movie audience's is that he has an endless amount of daffy charm and exuberant personality that it makes him one of the few actors that has made a successful transition from the small screen to the big screen . after an oscar nomination for 1996's 'the people vs . larry flynt' , harrelson has earned the respect of his peers and is well on his way to a great career . when i saw him in 1992's 'white men can't jump' , i was taken by his penchant for playing losers and 'palmetto' is a great role for harrelson to strut his stuff . 'fargo' . a movie about a man who hires two thugs to kidnap his wife and things go wrong . do things ever go right in a crime movie ? 'palmetto' . cleverly disguised as a 'fargo' wannabe . set in an opposite climate ( 'fargo' was set primarily in upstate minnesota in the dead of winter ) and this movie is set in the steamy town of palmetto , florida and the movie is different from 'fargo' but strangely , for some sub-conscious reason , i thought of 'fargo' as i was watching this movie . woody harrelson stars as a former convict whose conviction is over turned after two years in the slammer and he is released . he's a journalist who was framed for an article he wrote exposing political corruption at the municipal level and he returns to his female companion ( gina gershon ) and tries to re-capture his former life before jail . upon his release , he meets up with a sultry woman in a bar ( elisabeth shue ) who propositions him to play a part in a kidnapping scam for which he will receive 10% of $500 , 000 . 00 . at first he turns down the proposal but later finds it to be an irresistible way to pay " the system " back for the two years of his life stolen by the justice system that kept him in prison . the plan calls for harrelson to act as the bag man in the kidnapping of shue's stepdaughter . harrelson is supposed to act as the threatening voice on the phone and will pick up the ransom money . there are many plot twists and turns that will tease and tantalize the audience in its running time of nearly two hours and the film has a solid plot , doesn't suffer from over length and is unpredictable . its underlining strength comes from the fact that the film isn't over done and has basically only two or three characters at the most on-screen at one time with a couple of exceptions . shades of 1981's 'body heat' and 1990's 'the hot spot' shine through but director volker schlondorff's sure-footed direction is on-target and the film is based on the book 'just another sucker' by james hadley chase . gina gershon's character is somewhat sedated and perhaps unnecessary but the real surprise in this film is elisabeth shue who puts her best foot forward since her oscar nominated role in 1995's 'leaving las vegas' and her character is that of an evil woman with a slightly psychotic twist combined with a feeling of superiority and lack of conscience . not a great film but a rigorously solid one , 'palmetto' is a film about white trash at its sleaziest . a good example of immorality played up with little violence and a lot of sexual innuendo .